EDWIN PENISHANDS!!!!
ok
my buddy shirt came in today!!
fuck ya chromosomes
i just drank a whole cup of water are you guys proud of me
ok zäc
madame really postin first hour’s character but not ours ????
I HATW THAT I SAW THIS NOW I MISS LUCIFER MORE AND MORE:((((
i felt this :(
edwin penishands
don’t eat less and less, eat more healthy:)
me when i make a joke and edwin says “guess i’ll kill myself then” instead of laughing
SHES FLSO FUCKITN CUTE I DONT DESERVE HER OH MY GOSH
wait this is kinda cool i wanna do it now
MY SISTER TRIED KISSING MY CAT AND SHE WASNT HAVING IT THIS IS SO FUCKING FUNNTABA AHAHAH
aaaaaaaandddd we’re gonna fail chemistry!!!!! how’s your day been?? i hope it went great! hope you have a better day tomorrow! and the day afer that! and after that! and after that!
me: *coughs*
my dad: oh my gosh shut up we’re not americans damn relearn our culture you slut
got this text while i was tryna nap and i ugly laughed LMAO
she ZOOM
i’m making laila turn me into an edgy skatergirl and i’ll keep you guys updated on my progress >:)
caught me by surprise ??????
ok
who has a charger pleas sim running o@ 68 percwbt tyt
my mom today said: ??????????????????????
ffs i need sleep:/
TRISTA TRISTA TRISTA
“okay i’m done” “LAILA ????”
i feel so ick today :/
i draw the line at kylie’s dad ??????
im posting these so when i suddenly disappear one day you all know why ??????
i’m crying
i feel like i annoyed the hell out of everyone today with my sniffling im sorry :(
this makes me so happy i love cats i love animals i love everything wow <33333
i guess im indian now
the way me and mikah text is so weird like how do we even have full conversations
someone other than kylie pls
i’m in this caption and i don’t like it
6d
peachsocne's profile picture
THE SECOND I REALIZED IT WAS EDWARD I FLIPPED ??
MICHAEL JSCKSON HAHAGAHAHAHGHA
aha ha
i’ve got hot nuts
i! cant! wait!!!’
This is so adorable I shall now watch this whenever I'm sad to cure it so cute so cute so cute ????
dumb bitch energy
!!! <3333
i love these shoes but they literally hurt so much after a while and theyre so loud so when u hear clack clack clack u literally already know it’s me
MADAME AGREED AND SAID THAT EDWARD IS KINDA CUTE SO SUCK ON THAT
<33333
aha ha hes so funny guys isnt he funny aha ha ha lets laugh for edwin you guys
we got a comedian up in here ladies and gentlemen
did she just ?? me
I!!!!! WANT!!!!!!
true story, i liked him for a few months and then we got into an argument because we wrote ass on a piece of paper and the teacher found it and we started blaming each other. since then, no trust was ever found between us again
i i i i i i i i
im goejeiwheiwv guys im gonna cry hes so cute mwah mwah mwah cutiw i love him omg
gm i feel like a slug but how are you guys feeling?

trista & her bands ;)))
earth in progess.
ugh why did i wake up why cant i just sleep forever:(
mhmhmhm
i know this world is killing you
i made my dad listen to buddy and next im making him listen to del. i feel like he’s not gonna like del as much but whatever it’s a process>:)
thank you for sharing sam
my handwriting said ??????
egirl energy maybe
nahhh fuck this. why did i even try lmao i knew it was gonna end bad <3
also im gonna have to get up anyways for my appointment at 12 so whatever :/
tea tea tea omg i love tea my throat said: thank you!!!
i kinda wanna be haunted pls like i’ve been waiting for some old lady to appear on my new rocking chair but it always ends up being my cat
i cant wait to go home!! my dad’s buying me chamomile tea and my mom’s gonna make me my favorite soup and im gonna sleep all afternoon <3333
how i feel rn
my nose is fuckin stuffed, i feel like throwing up, my throat feels like it’s on fire, im breaking out bad, & im losing more weight— but at least atypical season 3 is coming out
moral of the story, crop ur memes
i’m gonna bring apples and peanut butter tmr
i got so excited
i just accepted a bunch of follow requests and now im down to 372 ??
hear that >:(
rupees it is then
i broke my headphones again will someone please let me borrow theirs please im gonna scrEAM
my $3-456 $745/
dirty dancing>> every other movie rn
this is our 2nd proposal. the proposals never end ??
gonna have this on loop for halloween ??
I LAUGHED
asshole
im having a wedding, ur all invited ??
this literally made me tear up ??
me @ me
???
can i pls make someone a playlist? my thumbs are itchin
a terrorist
shour ayund teyull ahum whay cunt yhour fokin heayur me >:(
ok goodnight cuties im feelin pretty good about myself tonight idk bout yall but im bouta sleep good ??
okokok. so i’m near finishing the good place, and i fr need something else to watch. please help me when i finish this im gonna have this awkward 2 week time period where i dont know what to do with my life
this spaghetti im eatin tho ?? this shit’s good good mm
what the fuck is with non african american people saying the n-word so loosely? like, i’ve been seeing it so much more often recently and when confronted they just joke about it like it’s not serious? like it’s not a thing in the past, racism is still a real thing and it’s still happening. your words do harm someone somewhere, they just may not speak up about it. i’ve personally seen so many black people being harassed for simply being black. in libya, some of my relatives wouldnt let a black man who worked for us in the house because they thought he was dirty or something. they called him the n word and yelled at him because he would take care of wounded animals. like- don’t say it’s just playing around or that some of us are being too “sensitive” because it’s literally not funny and yall needa stop before you seriously get in trouble.
how disrespectful
DARIEL MADE TBIS AND I CABT BREATHE THEHAUWBAIABHDJWH
she said mwah
why my eyes look like that ??
frizz >:(
i was in the bathroom and i was like ok ima just pee then take some mirror pics right? so there i am, in the stall and then all i hear is someone poopin and im like ok ok its a natural thing and this **is** a bathroom. and then it starts to get inTenSe and even i start getting embarrassed, so i washed my hands and ran out bc they were definitely done but i felt like they were waiting for me to get out so i rAN
gn
shut up
when i you when are some yes me we are will when you when i pee when you miss your bus ??
ewwwww now i have to stop talkin to you o whateva
thank you muffy, very nice
aha ha
same
yeah, i’m THAT bitch. step aside, losers
none of yall laugh at me like kay does and thats on periodt
i just wanna **** *** ***!! you’re so ********* **** and * **** ***** * **** ****** but ***** ********* ***** ****** ***** *** lol
happy boyfriend’s day, my love!!
who wants to recreate this pic with me
thank u for existing
can i please go home already?
??
thank you kay, very nice ??
o whateva
why are these bathrooms so dirty
im savin up for a nose job :*
ok
***** ****** ** *** ******!!!
felt that
hi, thank u for bein alive ily
NOT TO FLEX ON YALL O WHATEVA
ruh roh
early release today kids 
??#edwinisoverparty
GUYS GUYS GUYS!!!!!! HES SO CUTE! IM GONNA CRY I LOVE HIS ACCENT SO MUCH
BAHAHAHHSHWHWHAGAHAH
i should write a whole fanfic on this
how short should i cut my hair this time?
some of yall on here are real racist and i kinda wanna call you out but ima just hope you stop ??
this bitch better buy me a new dress tomorrow i just saved her goddamn life >:(
i think my dad’s gettin me the 11 soon im kinda scared that im gonna hate it but be stuck with it for the next few years >:(
i kinda maybe love my dentist like shes THAT bitch. yeah, maybe shes only being sweet cuz its her job but she made me feel like the coolest bitch on earth
AHABAHABHAHAHAHAHA
inaccurate because im shaving off my eyebrows and tattooing penises on top
real shit tho, i really wanna go back to africa >:(((
i LoVE wAtER
hey guys aphmau here
yikesss. i try so hard to forget that these type of people exist
imagine being as cute as kylie
imagine typing that out and thinking “yeah i think this is good enough” and sending it in
step aside losers, i got a brand now.
yall this is whack. so, my mom and my brother’s therapist took my autistic brother out to the westland mall as he needs to be taught how to act in public places. he then started crying and so they decided to take him home. on the car ride home, this guy was recording them and cussing at my mom and my mom told him to stop as she didn’t want my little brother to hear. He then said somethin to her and then tried ramming into them. as he drove off, they made sure to take a pic of his license and went to go report the incident the police department. lmao fuck america dude
but anyways
im not goin to school tomorrow phew
recorded january of 1959, a month before his death.
periodt
how some of yall got me feelin >:(
accurate
i love this video
2020 goals
f in the chat for kevin
gonna buy a harvard hoodie and do this
THIS IS LITERALLY WHAT EVERY ARAB PERSON IS LIKE AND UTS HILARIOUS. i’d be casually lookin thru pics of relatives and theres always at least one vid or pic with this typa energy
mason really out here spamming my feed >:0
i chased my cat all around the house today because she wouldn’t stay still for her ear drops. everyone in the house was like “it’s not that serious, she’ll be fine” or whatever but they’re not the ones who can’t sleep at night because they have to listen to their poor cat crying as she scratches their ears.
was gonna go thrifting but then decided that a nap was better
im gonna cry. i love her so much. i wish i could give her the biggest hug.
im happy but so scared.
im happy but so scared.
mic drop
this day is starting off so bad, and i just know that it’s gonna affect this whole weekend. sorry if i dont respond to yall or somethin, im just not up for it.
im fuckin’ done with my parents. they dint give a fuck about how happy i am they just wanna make sure people around us see us as perfect or whatever fuck this
yess ssirrrr ;)
it’s a self-care weekend— i’ve decided.
this is hella cute
shoutout to the cute boy i saw at the mall. i miss u ??
felt like melanie in this dress
love this lil bird <3
FOLLOW. KAY <3 @woahkaayy
yall got NOTHIN on madame.
there were so many cute boys in the mall today
maybe baby, you will love me someday
todays hippie day and yall already know im goin to the extreme
i think it’s safe to say madame appreciates my humor ??
me about everything
when i grow up, i wanna be as cool as kay
i told her i was gonna tag her in memes
never unfollowed as fast as i just did
madame said that i can tag her in memes so i think we’re best friends now ??
!!!
i felt that
a beautiful painting we saw at the library.
wheeeeeeeeeeeeee
my loves
wait till the sun shines, nellie
my heart ??????
j’adore j’adore j’adore!!
with these cuties <3
periodt
ok goodnight:)
this all started because i said how scared i was to have my cat die :0
:0
quack
this is so attractive
ok
WHI THE FUCK IS THIS UHAHABAHAHAHAHhh
when my dad said “you’re right dr sajeda” i felt like a true doctor
hes an outlaw loose and running came the whisper from each lip , and hes here to do some business with the big irOn oN hIS HIP BIG IRON ON HIS HIPPP
I COMPLETELY FORGOT ABOUT MY MIDDLE SCHOOL OBSESSION WITH MARSHMELLO
i got no coffee this morning:(
bqßjshãlœrÿbdnsjshšjskfòeu
buddy & jerry
LANAKOAOOAOAHSHAHAHAHA
first day of fall
we out here makin moves n shit ??
ok
poor guy
i felt this:(
kay really out here giving me dating advice ??
so many songs are stuck in my head right now and i don’t know which one to sing along to.
i broke my headphones:( idk what im gonna do tomorrow, i’ve only been surviving this past week because of ritchie valens ??
vote! for! dariel!
i cant express how much i love this video.
leo can still get it
gm cuties
i woke up in the mmmmmmmmmmmm why am u awak mm ugh mt tv jsbnt woejub i wabba watch tvvvv
when u when i you when you cant when cant you get your username back ??????
we’re the ailyns.
shitboy
straight to hell
what
some cruelty-free lashes:) dont know who would want this but if yall were thinkin about it
today’s so tiring and stressful and i have a massive headache. im gonna cry. why cant i have a peaceful day with my cat. why cant i just binge the i-land in peace
I SNORTED HAHEBSH
ok
I ONLY SAVED THESE BECAUSE OF ANIMAL JAM AND NOW IM HAVIG FLASHBACKS AND IM GONNA CRY
at this point my camera roll’s just filled with pics of the board that i keep forgetting to delete
it’s rosa’s birthday today!! did you wish her a happy birthday? WISH HER A FUCKING HAPPY BIRYHDAY. @rosadere
@goldencooch that booty ??
THERES THIS GIRL IVE BEEN SEEING AROUND MORE RECENTLY AND SHES SO CUTE LIKE SHES CUTE CUTE LIKE I WANNA TALK TO HER BUT IDK IF SHES TAKING TO SOMEONE OR DATING SOMEONE AND I DONT WANNA GET MY HOPES UP BUT I WOULD STILL WANT TO BE FRIENDS WITH HER BECAUSE ??
>:0
tangled wires
OMG.
today’s! the! global! climate! strike!!
i’m probably getting the iphone 11 what color should i get ??
the. third. guy. ??????????
theres this certain tiktok i keep having to go back and watch it because its so addicting wnd it maks me feel loved and i wish i could save it but the person who made it disabled that option:(
i hate school i hate school i hate school i hate school i hate school i hate school
omg guys it’s really her ????????
!?
i’m gonna ask my dad to take me late to school tomorrow because i really don’t feel like waking up early.
im a bit confused as to why one of kylie’s posts from 2 days ago’s poppin up on my feed but uh, this convo.. ??
i gained a lot of fat in my face and im really happy :)
when youre goin to see the 3 best people on earth and u wanna make sure everyone knows and rub it in their faces ??????????????????????????????????
:)
i’ve rewatched this video so many times now. i cant stop
i hate when my desk or backpack makes a fart-like noise and when i try to recreate it to show everyone it wasnt me, it never makes that sound again
trista ??
UWUWU I LOOK JUST LIKE BUDDY HOLLYY
HES. FUCKIN. BRITISH. ?????
he reminds me of someone from florida but i legit cant remember who. does. any. one. have. any. idea.
im orderin’ a buddy shirt this weekend:)
im literally crying. rip angels:(
THE. BABY.
THIS IS SO FUCKING FUNNY DO YALL SEE HER FACE AT THE END I CANT BRWATHE
felt this
yall sleepin on jose >:(
goodnight.
whenever mason posts, i’m always so scared it’s gonna be him making a soggy sandwich or something
im almost done with cat on a hot tin roof but im stopping rn to say FUCK BRICK MAN FUCK HIM. WHYS HE TREATIN MAGGIE LIKE TRASH SHES SO CUTE AND ALL SHE EVER DOES IS WANNA MAKE HIM HAPPY AND UM SO MAD I LOVE HER AND HES SUCH A PRICK LIKE, WHO DOES HE THINK HE IS? THE WHOLE MOVIE HE WAS JUST UNBEARABLE LIKE JUST GROW UP MAN YOU’RE A GROWN FUCKIN MAN STOP ACTING LIJE A SPOILED BRAT AND STOP TORTUTING UR POOR WIFE >:(
i wish i looked like elizabeth taylor
my gosh, i love this video ?? his laugh is adorable i love him
although we don’t exactly know her birthday, she would be a year old sometime this week :)
me when trista shows me pics shes taken of me
my mom went to this new thrift shop that opened up near us, and she found this cute little teddy that she was gonna bring for my sister and it turned out to be $7. she was a bit confused because the clothes she got were for way less, and she decided not to get it because she thought she was getting ripped off. turns out the teddy was a //new// TY antique bear that would usually sell for around $200 ??
gm
i lub my car
the best one on there
GWHAHAGWH SOUNDS LIKE HIM
my fav part of the whole interview ?? his laugh
rufhfck
oh my gosh.
what
we out here matchin n shit ??
can i go back? i want to go back.
i talked to arzy today, the foreign exchange student, and she’s honestly the sweetest girl omg ?? she got switched into my precalc class and we spent the whole hour just talking and like, we never ran out of things to say. and that, like.. never happens? bruh we out here bein social hehe ??
so like ?? that’s one less friend ??
i might stay home tomorrow. i dont want to but, my gosh, if this headache lasts till tomorrow i’m legit going to cry.
we dont speak for the longest time, and this is how we reunite. how splendid
she really out here like “sajida text me??” and then bullyin my tastes in eboys ??
i! want! her! necklace!
most of me and mikah’s convos are
me: omg mikah ??
mikah: ???????
yes.
my mom’s really gotta repeat everything, like, 10 times. calm down, i hear you >:(
i love him so much.
me in drama last year
ok, so i’m thinkin’... should i, like... cut my bangs again? I KNOW I SAID I WOULD LET THEM GROW OUT BUT!! my forehead’s so ugly and i miss my bangs:( i can’t make a decision on my own, please help me cuties <3
in the og, i looked terribly drained out. like, the living-off-of-3 hours-of-sleep-and-5-cups-of-coffee-a-day-type of drained out. i did a little editing, and now i look like thomas the tank engine, except he’s living off of 3 hours of sleep and 5 cups of coffee a day.
as you can see, i have a lot of free time in health
when i actually brought myself to finally post the pics, insta wont let me :)
>:(
when i was so excited about bein near the k12 bus that i took pics of the ground.
thanks epic gamer
trista’s at my house ??
stop. she’s in middle school now. im legit about to burst out into tears oh my gosh she grew so fast:(
i fuckin hate my nose lmao
bruh lmao my stomach hurts so much i literally havent eaten since breakfast
im doin crew with trista, donoven and viv im so excited ??
LOOK OMAGHIW i love this ??
aw i miss her she’s so cute :(
oh my gosh. this pic. alright goodnight everyone, you’ve all been blessed.
ok but ??
me with my favorite cousin at random arab parties ??
i think im goin thriftin again this saturday!! i cant wait
cutest smile you’ve ever seen.
this makes me so excited for wednesday like im acyually gonna see the fuckin bus in person im disbdjedbiw
mwuah lemme give him a kiss
i hate chemistry get me out
can someone be me for halloween?
I FUCKING WON GRACE VANDERWAAL TICKETS BUT I DONT THINK I CAN GO I ONLY WANTED THE MXMTOON TICKETS BC I KNEW I WOULD BE ABLE TO GO WHAT THE FUCK DOES ANYONE WANT THESE
this is it. this is the picture. you’ve all been blessed. your welcome
im about to show yall a pic that’s been on my mind for a while now ??
awww! how cute <3
im goin’ to see the k-12 bus with trista on wednesday and im so excited ??
that’s 5 million dollars right there.
fuck
should i paint my nails black again
yall i... ????
LMAOOO
i havent been called a white man’s whore in so long. it feels weird ??
ive said it once and i’ll say it again ?? we’ve. lost. them. all. way. too. soon.
i cant wait to see it in person omg ??
honestly, i always hated when people made fun of subs who had an accent. like, they can’t do anything about it. my dad’s been in america for the longest time and he still has an accent. but he’s the smartest man i know.
give me food queen kylie ????????
give me food queen kylie ????????
i love his glasses tho ??
happy birthday baby!! you’re my favorite singer for so many reasons. i feel like you would be so much more known if your life wasn’t cut short. you passed way too soon:( you influenced so many people and so many groups, including the beatles! you’re so underrated and i wish more people listened to your music. it would’ve been a blessing to be alive at the same time you were, but i’m just as happy being able to listen to your music whenever i like:) it’s crazy to think you would’ve been 83 today. you had such a long life ahead of you. i didnt know it was possible to miss someone you never even met ‘till i found you in a spotify playlist. after that, it was like magic. i was obsessed with your music, your voice, and the crickets. you guys were amazing. happy birthday charles, you beautiful human being <3
they’re all so cute! they own my whole heart <3
where’s the difference?
should i dye my hair again
trista’s an actual angel. like, she is one and she looks like one. try to change my mind, you cant.
yes
ive watched this so many times now
RAVE ON! ITS A CRAZY FEELIN! AND I KNOW IT’S GOT ME REELIN! IM SO GLAD! THAT YOURE REVEALIN YOUR!LOVE! FOR! ME!
:)!
i miss her already >:(
im seein trista today!!
aw stop he’s adorable :’)
bruh fuck my skin lmao im gonna fuckin beat this shit with concealer later
just because someone has your ideal body type doesn’t mean they’re not insecure and don’t compare themselves to other people. everyone has things they hate about themselves. sometimes, it’s something another person would die for. your ideal body isn’t everyone else’s. not everyone wants to be skinny and not everyone wants to be curvy and not everyone wants to be thicc and so on. everyone has their own preferences. stop shitting on people just because they’re self conscious. “what do you have to worry about? you’re perfect” or whatever. don’t fuckin say that, like, that just gets me so mad.
it’s buddy’s birthday tomorrow and yall best believe im spamming this acc with songs, pics, and videos ??
this is possibly probably definitely my fav scene in the movie ??
i literally buy new clothes every day. i have a serious addiction i need help ??
@kylie_121 k-12 has been on loop all day ?? im gonna memorize the lyrics to every song before u
me and kylie are the same person
how im tryna be ??
IM GONNA CRY HES SO CUTE I WANNA GIVE HIM A SMOOCH OH MY GISH
>:O
bro i love my french teacher?? shes so sweet like yesterday i emailed her a bit late and she still responded and was the absolute sweetest and made sure i caught up ?? she even made sure to list ways i can make up for the points i lost from the quiz like all i gotta do is watch a move with french subtitles, watch a youtube video in french, or read a french book and write down words i think i understand. hands down my fav teacher fuck everyone else ??
bro now i feel like throwing up but like i really dont wanna miss school two days in a row but also if i feel too sick at school, my dad won’t be able to pick me up
me earlier tryna decide whether or not i should stay up for k-12
we stayed up together omg we’re so cute ??
i finished it! im absolutely in love with orange juice and show and tell ?? the storyline was kinda all over the place and i was a lil confused but the visuals and music was amazing im in love
NO SLEEP FOR ME
IM STAYING UP TO WATCH K-12 ON YOUTUBE I THINK ITS ONLY PLAYING FOR TODAY IDKDIK IM NOT RUSKING IT SO IM WATCHING IT AT 12 EVEN THO I GOTTA WAKE UP AT 5:30 FUCK WHATEVER 20 MORE MINUTES IM GINNA CRY
can i give her a smooch
bruh today’s been so much fun but like also it kinda sucked ??
GEISHSIWHE NOT TO FLEX OR ANYTHINGGGGGG ;)
ive watched this so many times now
queen
im gonna cry
my stomach hurts so much fuck periods fuck women fuck oh my vish i hate mt body why is it like tvys stop fuckib dumbass
baby ??
when you’re having a bad day, just remember that kylie’s the only non racist + non trump supporter in her family ??
give me water ??????
abakalazm
that’s the move
he really counted to 69 for my password
omg he’s so desperate ??
IF NICOLE SAYS IT THEN IT’S TRUE
i changed my password again because dariel texted the gc and told them i was a bottom from my acc and that is UNACCEPTABLE.
NANA NO
;)
get you a cutie who’ll play with your hair in the morning and relieve you of all stress ??
rave on
BLACKMAIL! BLACK! MAIL!!
i wake up and find these mfs talkin bout my hair ??
ok but like he’s adorable ??
theyre such a cute family this makes me happy ??
i legit think im getting sick, like, ive been feeling like throwing up all day and i was like “oh it’s probably bc im not getting enough sleep,” but like, i came home today and my sister was laying on the couch watching random spanish youtube videos and i was like, “why isn’t she at school?” and my mom was like, “she’s sick, she’s been throwing up all day. the doctor said she probably got it from school” and that’s when i realized i’m next
??
@illy_irritating ?? ~dariel
omg i feel like throwing up lmaoooo ?? i really hope it’s just because i keep moving around quickly because legit, watch me throw up on someone
maybe i should just accidentally get run over so i dont have to go to school
i don’t wanna go back to school :(
i was going through my pictures, and i- ??
same!
i absolutely love her and the song ??
good morning
meow.
give me this cat. now.
i vaguely remember reading about koko and like:( gosh, why did this pop up in my recommendations? now im sad:’( animals are so precious— can we please stop killing them
why are these so funny to me?
THIS IS HONESTLY THE FUNNIEST THING I’VE SEEN TODAY.
it’s a yes from me.
throwback to that one time dariel sent me some symbol on my phone that broke it and i started yelling at him at the y ????
not to like... flex on everyone but.. my favorite childhood friend has like **money** and she bought me these cute plushies and i love them ?? i love u rosa mfcuckf ?? im gonna get u something 10 times better just watch <3
hi, i love connie francis with all my heart and, honestly, i think we’re gonna get married.
my hair feels so much lighter now ??
meow.
give me this cat. now.
i vaguely remember reading about koko and like:( gosh, why did this pop up in my recommendations? now im sad:’( animals are so precious— can we please stop killing them
why are these so funny to me?
THIS IS HONESTLY THE FUNNIEST THING I’VE SEEN TODAY.
it’s a yes from me.
throwback to that one time dariel sent me some symbol on my phone that broke it and i started yelling at him at the y ????
hi, i love connie francis with all my heart and, honestly, i think we’re gonna get married.
my hair feels so much lighter now ??
school starts tomorrow :( i already know i’m going to hate my classes >:(
HI ITS TRISTA I LOVE MY LIL BIRDIE OKAY IF ANYONE HURTS HER IM SENDIN GEORGE ;)
I'm on an old phone that we handed down to maria and I found this <33
lmao ok loser
ok so i have a few inactive followers on here, and im tryna clean up my account so i’ll be removing people again (sorry, i do this a lot, i know) but anyways, comment or dm me if u wanna stay.
i cant explain how much i hate people like this.
can i not make fun of myself now
i have multiple questions-
i guess testing on animals is doing it “right” ?
omg i also forgot about this song ??
yeah yeah yeah
join us. #boycottdadsfornotalwaysbeingrad
biggest plot twist of the century ??
OMGOMGOGMGOMGKOWKQIS IM FREAKING IUR SO FUCE FCUTE CUTE SO CUTE FUCJ
OMG YOO IM DUCKIN SCREAMGN THATS SOCUTW OMGKGKDJAKSJ ITS EATING CORN DO YQLL SEE THAT OTMIFIQNZI
FUCK THEM KIDS, THATS THE CUTEST LITTLE BABY IVE EVER SEEN ????
that should be me ??
I FUCKING HATE MY LIFE IF ONLY I FUCKING WENT WITH THEM LIKE THEY ASKED ME IM GONNA CRY I WANNA SEE SOME ANIMALS FUCK LIFE MAN I HATE MYSELF
i was looking thru stuff to delete and i found this ??
im supposed to be out rn, but i got super lazy so i cancelled ? someones gotta motivate me so i dont cancel again tmr
staying up again. even tho. i have to. go somewhere. tomorrow :**
i hate coming across these types of people on instagram
i lov nature
ok
goals
i remember in elementary school, my friend and her whole family got mad at me because i texted her xP and she thought it was an insult
hot
ive been having a really rough time recently, but mia’s been cuddling with me more so my moods been goin ?? when she’s around <3
yall thought i was kidding ??
whoever agrees with this is gettin blocked
yeah im cool like that
my head hurts so bad and my mom’s making me go places with her im legit gonna cry.
yeah im cool like that
my head hurts >:(
ok
im now in love with another random person on tiktok who doesnt know i exist ??
good night:)
I CANT BREATHE OMG THIS WAS LITERALLY ME AT NICOLE’S HOUSE ON HER BIRTHDAY WHAHAHAHAHJAHA OH MY GOSH
YALL CANT TELL ME THIS DOESNT RADIATE KYLIE ENERGY
i dont even wanna show the pic that came with it :(
good day. pretty satisfied. good night.
well, we’ll see i guess?
i hate mself
:(
i miss yanara :(
:)
idk if i already posted this but my wife looks gorgeous here (as she always does) so it must be posted.
LMAO ME AND KYLIE WERE TEXTING AND DARIEL THOUGHT HE WAS GETTING NOTIFICATIONS OFF HIS ACCOUNT
SWITCHES. GET. BITCHES.
today was gonna be so much fun but i have cramps and they hurt so bad and i :(
why did i find this in my camera roll
cramps :( hurt :( so :( bad:(
JUST FOR THAT SHES GETTING BLOCKED **AND** REPORTED
i cant wait for tomorrow omg ??
does anyone from union park remember when my brother would do whacky shit in the mornings or would constantly run up to me when he’d see me just to embarrass me
can everyone please go spam kaley’s dms telling her she’s a bottom ??
@goldencooch
who doesnt love edwin
my parents. really. rescheduled. mia’s appointment. to next. week. are you. kidding. me?
nahnahnahnahnah NAH the day matthew dies im literally gonna stop watching the show.
PHEW IM HOME
im at the library with my sister and she keeps running around and talking to different kids im fuckin tired.
the only thing me and kay talk about is either hating each other or greasy guys. theres no in between
gm :)
baby maria ??
i spoke too soon.
yo, wtf? i think im actually abouta sleep early today. like.. 2 am type shit ?? siiicckkkkk
i kinda miss when me and kaley would stay up late and watch kdramas >:(
imagine your photos turning out this good ??
my brother’s birthday is on sunday and he’s been bragging about it all week >:(
kaley’s 13th birthday party was dope ?? i remember when we were all making musicallys outside LMFAO
i dont wanna go back to school :(
in the last pic u can see my nose peekin in ??
relationship goals ??????????????????????????????????????????????????
tis i!
~d
sajida is a bottom POLL. comment true or false ~d
damn sajida got a big ass welcome back. uhh welcome back terroris- i mean sajida. ~d
yeah we kinda cool like that
mia photos! she used to have rashes all over her face and was constantly in pain. sometimes she couldnt even sleep :( but she’s getting better and i love her and ????
she gave me a kiss <3
some more... ??
here are some funny stuff that happened while i was off instagram ??
?? i wish we had more people like mr. rogers.
im back for a day or so hehe :) how are you all?
gta pretty fun tho ~d
penis nose ~d
?? ~d
~d
:( i hate skool ~d
sCaM ?? ~d
im a furry now guys this is so emotional alexa play despafurrito ~d
hes mega hott who has his number ?? ~d
is gta v fun? ~d
isnt this a cute dog ~d
if you are the first comment on a black box that was spammed yesterday you claim that land. ill change the description to shout you out n stuff w a custom message that you can comment.... GO CLAIM SOME INSTAGRAM LAND ??~d
you all im selling my old books and im making cash money rn ?? ~d
@goldencooch ??
you were saying? @goldencooch ~d
sorry you had to see that folks @goldencooch was stepping out of her territory right there infringing on sajidas post count ?? ~d
this post is apart of a campaign to beat @goldencooch’s post count as directed by sajida ~d
this is my mom ~d
@goldencooch’s school now ~d
oh- ~d
whos with me on this!? ~d
i got lunar earth ~d
an update for sajidas followers so her posts get a bump up, i got my permit ~d
my daddy is a skinny queen ~d
bruh moment pls help me my family is being held by sajida for random ??
pIANNOO
spotted dick looks nice doesnt it. this dish is called spotted dick.
help me the terrorist is threatening to bomb my family if i dont post
KALEY IM BEING YELLED AT MY SAJIDA BC U OVERTOOK HER POST COUNT ?????? @goldencooch ~d
i procrastinated on summer assignments and i hate myself rn ~dariel
??????~dariel
i lied it actually tastes like sour cream and onion pringles low fat and low sodium ??????~dariel
sajida molested me with her metal straws help me please ~dariel
?????? use this on any manz and he’ll fall for you ~dariel
#recycle your dildos yall. this is a PSA. ~dariel
speaking real facts ?? bro hes lying trough his lips. ~dariel
?? sorry @goldencooch sajida has her bomb to my head rn ~dariel
“fuck you kaley” ~dariel ?????????? time to up sajidas post count bc she has competition
hola yall im gonna use sajidas disconnection from social media to plug my social media ?? @yourfoodisnowmine @sadboimoments ~dariel
hey guys, im deleting insta for like a day or so. if you need me, u know where to find me :)
not to flex on yall but mason drew me ??
awww
ive just decided im the funniest person on earth
oh! my!
SOMEONE STOP HER
JUST ACCEPT UR DEFEAT ALREADY
SINCE SHE WANTS TO SAY IT ISNT HER
we really used to bond over loay’s hand pics :///
I GOT ME SOME UHHH EVIDENCE @shakayobamamita
had to post this bc tyler’s fuckin WOKE
PATOOW
in case anyone wanted to know!
anyways
idc what u jealous ass mfs say i love this with all my heart
@kylie_121 @portilloscheesefry
petition to kill *****? all in favor say aye :)
i miss trista so much :(((
:)
dariel i will stick ur metal straw up ur ass before it even gets to u fuck u now im tearing up >:((( i really just wanna give this mf the biggest hug rn :’( yall best believe an appreciation post is comin up for him ??
this mf really hit me that hard
does anyone wanna rabbit with me later and watch buzzfeed unsolved ??
gm cuties i hope u all have an amazing day!!
we were the kinds of 6th graders you’d absolutely hate
remember when i freaked out bc i thought mr lucero told mr mason i said i would date him if i was his age
BITCH TURNED INTO A FUCKING PTERODACTYL
i really wanna get this but they sold out at my nearby target
ok today was great goodnight cuties :)
mustve hit trista hard
i hate that i laughed at this
ok
day 1 of sending loay voice messages till he lets me hear his voice
hahahahahahhah im so funny laugh
you hoes wish you were me ??
she said: ?? = ??
petition to rob amaya of all her rights? all in favor say aye (or else)
KYLIES SO FUCKIN CUTE THIS ISNT FAIR
:))
u know what that means! ??
the last guy isnt blonde but hes cute and his coat makes my heart habby
kaley lookin good here ;)
IMAGINE being this goddamn gorgeous
she said????
yeah ive been laughing at this for the past 10 hours whats it to ya
gn say it back or else
i thought the girl in the back was middle school kaley for a sec there
i would let her split my family up
he’s so wise
my cats sleeping on my foot
he had me at ??
maria: BLAHAIDHWI DA DA TU OOP HAHAHA HEHEHE HOLA BABAHAHA AAA
can yall tell im obsessed with her?
i loved showing these bottoms who’s really king ??
i wanna get this shirt so bad
am i just blinded by the choking or is she really hot??
me and neel @ some random person on tiktok: BROOOOORBEJ LOOK HOW FUCKIN HOT YOOO WTF LOOK IM CRUSBIN SO HARD WOW ??????????
mia’s sick:(((
please:)stop:)sexualizing:)billie:)eilish:)
s t u n n i n g
my baby’s on genius ??
i remember reading a squidward x reader fanfic in middle school
step aside, thotties.
IM FUCKING WET
i went from ??????? to ????
im so excited for friday its gonna be so much fun
weird ass quality but ??
kylie mfs said ?? talkin bout a tan
i cant wait :(((
today was going so bad but now its going so good ??
can we chat in private
today is going ??
waverly went OFF!
shes fucking perfect wtfff
oh gosh shes gorg e ou s i wanna be her so bad look at my insecurities poppin out
Y’ALL ITS DARIEL AGAIN. brand new update: i asked the guy out and he likes me back too! ????~d
we baby
wife!!
someone wanna translate this into english for me?
i have 1 hour and about 18 minutes to get ready??
this is perfect they got evan perfectly omg
idk if i’ll be able to do it in 2019, but hopefully eventually:)
me & kylie ????
JORGE’S SMILE AWWWHWHH
hey yall its dariel again. IM TRYNA SEND HINTS AT THIS CUTE ASS GAY GUY IN STUDENT GOVERNMENT AND HE WONT BUDGE UGH. advice on how to make a gay guy’s pussy drip? ???????? ~d
im seein trista today omg im so fuckin excited ????
shes so pretty can i like,,, be her girlfriend instead?
i really fuckin love melanie martinez bro idk how to make yall understand but i love her even more than i love my own life periodt ??
me & trista today ??
kylie’s a real one
she really reminds me of someone and i hope one of u gets who
i keep goin back 2 watch this!!
think it’s time to paint my nails black
??????
i cant stop watching this omg i wanna recreate her look so bad
anyone with curly hair: h-
me: hehehehe guys omg i think i found my new crush ??
comes in other colors and is pretty affordable! im gonna try & buy it but it’s only on sale for a limited amount of time. dm me if u want the link:)
it’s my time to shine, ladies
this is so late but ive just realized that for some reason everyone really likes lying to me on my birthday?? fascinating ??
this is the funniest thing i have seen thus far
hahaha good old loay such a funny joke hahah hah haha
THIS IS SO FUNNY HOW DID TYSM TURN INTO RYAN
aw this is so cute i love it <3
ok but PERIODT
edwin come get ur man
GUYS GUYS GUYS SHES SO CUTE I CANT OMG SHE ACTUALLY DID IT I HAd a fuKCKING HEART ATTACK
HOLD UP YALL IM NOT THAT SHORT RIGHT
im so happy, ive been waiting for this for 4evr
its like 3 am and i just got really sad and now im crying and my dumbass watched a really scary video so now im paranoid of everything so i think im actually just gonna (fr this time) go to sleep. gn
mason said some: ??
k i think im bouta go 2 sleep gn guys
a men
IM FUCKING ROLLING WHY IS THIS SO FUCKINT FUNNY I CANT
me and trista have a note where we write each other cute little paragraphs ?? this is how much we love each other bro ??
dariel’s birthday is tmr everyone wish him a happy birthday, okay? ??????
everyones really taking this seriously with my cleaning my account thing ?? (ty btw) last time yall were all like “oh i didnt know u were serious ??” and some “i didnt see it ????”
me and kay both dont deserve to live ??
they really be havin a whole love triangle in my comments
why am i like this
my fuckin head hurts bro like i wanted to go 2 target n get more makeup but literally my whole body’s in shut down mode and idk why
guys mason’s a real eboy now ?? can u see the emotion in my text?
im making my dad get me this periodt
I LAUGHED SO HARD AT THIS PEOPLE KEEP THINKING HES A FANPAGE
DAMN SHE REALLY SNAPPED
if i had a dollar for everytime edwin changed his profile picture to another small tittied anime girl i would be rich
gm cuties
awww
i think it’s time to let my bangs grow ??
I LAUGHED SO HARd
i hate that he looks like someone i know
ok but in all honestly i miss walkin thru the halls and seeing kay’s annoying ass face pop around the corner ??
we said o = o
not like i havent heard that one before
altug really has the best friends bro im jealous ????
uhh
i feel like a peasant
im gonna fucking cry
fuck u
!!!
what’s this? a squad appreciation post?
im so tired and sleep deprived and just overall sad, thanks summer :)
yall i kinda wanna uhhhhhhhhh giant fuckin uhhhhhhh teddy bear
i cant fucjin measure how much i love this guy
alana said this last night now i cant get it outta my head
goodmornings
TRISTA REALLY JUST ACCIDENTALLY CUT HERSELF WITH A KNIFE AND THEN MADE A WHOLE EDGY PHOTOSHOOT OUT OF IT
oh peri aid. ttt
my neck hurts
WATCH ME LEARN THIS
someone tell trista to stop attacking me
oh periodt
hes so cute this is making me angry
my cat is so fucking picky like she wont eat anything if there isnt gravy in it, and theres only a certain type of treats that she will actually eat
look at these dumbass wannabe skater girls takin pics in front of target skateboards
LMAO MARIA REALLY TOOK SOME PICS OF HERSELF ON MY PHONE I LOVE HER SO FUCKING MUCH <333333333
have this low quality pic of my cat sleeping on a pringles box :)
IMAGINE EDWIN GETTIN ANGRY AND LECTURING THESE LITTLE KIDS WITH HIS “SKILLS”
now i feel like buyin everyone a metal straw lemme spend my birthday money on yall ??
imagine bein this ignorant
update: my skittles arrived and im happy ???? ~d
sajida should buy me a metal straw for my bday ?? im too broke to buy one !!! ~d
i gave trista a metal straw and shes using it hehehe ??????
YALL MY 2 BAGS OF DIABETES IS ALMOST HERE ???? ~d (@yourfoodisnowmine, @sadboimoments)
incase you all havent noticed im a fatass ~d
hey guys its almost 2 in the morning and im tearin up over how adorable this girl is im marrying her periodt
“he looks like every other guy u like” stfu trista u like junkies perioioioioioioiodt
ill post 2mr
i love her so much like shes so pretty and it makes me ??????????????????????????????
my skin is actually lookin better recently and idk if i should be happy or if this is a trap
im seein trista in a bit <3 we’re gonna watch austin n ally & cuddle & have the best first day of summer ever:)
when i look even remotely like her, it’s over 4 all u hoes
AWWWWWW LOOK AT THAT SMILE I ??????????????
this was literally me??
this makes my heart happy :’)
shes so pretty wtf
sorry yall but i really love this guy like ????????????????
josh really out here providin me with liz content <3
im sorry this was so funny i felt like i had to show yall
seein! trista! tmr!
my mom wont let me dye my hair back to black bc “it’ll be hard to dye it any other color” ok bitch watch me do blonde then.
care to explain @_loaym
the babys accept him ??
i cant wait 4 dariel’s weddin
this could be us but you’re playin ~d ????
my face said ??
periodt
i love trista and i miss her so much. im gonna give her the biggest hug tomorrow and wont let her go :) she really understands me, genuinely cares for me and the stuff im interested in and is literally the perfect person. i feel like i dont even fuckin deserve her. she’s too good for me like fuck i cant wait to spend this summer with her :’)
is that me ??
shut up
guys help im scared
I LOVE BAYBEE PIG SHIT SM PERIOUOUOUIOUODT
damn alright
welcome to under my blanket ! rare images of my forehead ! i failed my biology final !
her appearing on my for u page>> everything else
gm i hope everyone does amazing on their exams today
louanna’s makin everyone go #gay
i have daddy issues ??
2 more half days :)
awh i love her so much :’)
please excuse our foul language, we were in a heated debate
k then
??
peiojojoioioiouoioioioiidt
me + baybee pig shit really out here bein #quirky ??????????
the outlander’s fuckin whack. frank and randall (sincr they’re literally the same actor) are so fuckint annoying like their faces make me so angry idk why
hey guys im edwin and i like **** and ******* ??????????????????????
yeah i have the biggest crush on this internet guy leave me alone his mustache is cute >:(
yall i was talkin to my cat (yes.) and all of a sudden i heard “sLLLuuRp” and i look over at my phone and i realized i accidentally called gorge LAOABAIA before i ended it i just heard “gor-“
lmao why did raven post this then delete it ??
oh ok?
literally NO ONE makes me laugh harder than dariel does
i really need better friends lmao
we ate ice cream and blasted music (our neighbors are def gonna complain to my parents but whatever). she really made my day so much better. also- dont ask why her hairs always so fuckin messy this bitch pulls on it all the time
i just want school to be over with alrdy :(
vivian if u see this i was getting angry at something and i was throwin my phone around and the oils in the phone case u gave me splattered everywhere and now the sparkles are like frozen in place ?? the worst part is that now u can barely see kian’s face ??
I CANT BREATHEEEEE WHY IS THIS SO FUNNY IT SHOULDNT BE OH GOSH
u can see the bags under my eyes
how kaley looks like to me
why does he remind me of david
perioioioioiodt.
masons so wise ??????
the front is kinda full so gimme some stuff to draw on the back of my alg book ;)
WE OUT HERE
liz said HEEHEEE
periioioioioiouodt.
. ?? .
fuck u for makin me look for yall n not bein here when i come back alana and liz :( my feet hurt >:(
my weave came off except i dont have a weave.... ?? ~d
u cannot b a dom around trista bro once she gets a hold of u, ur ????
i cant wait to hang out w trista again soon i love her so much she makes my heart happy ??
I SNORTED
we really out here ??
perioioioioioiodt
I ALREADY KNOW U ANNOYING ASS WHORES ARE GONNA BE LIKE “ew ??” BUT HES SO CUTE IM ????????????????
wow shes literally exactly what i wanna look like ??
no one:
literally not a soul on earth:
me, liz, and alana:
yall really let me walk around school lookin like i just popped out of fuckin hell? k ??
this is so cute aw ??????
gm say it back
sacrifices were made
ahahahah jokes amrite guys ??
guys help
ok but shes so cute wtf
LMAO SEB SAID SOME ??
dariel has like a 500 mile long dick ladies hit him up ?????? @sadboimoments
im my bestest friend perioioioioiodt ??
wonder who this hottie is ?????? ~d
last night (or this morning) i was up at 12 n i saw that it was sunday n my dumbass was like “omg what its sunday theres school tomorrow i didnt do my homework” n i was freakin oht n i ran into my moms room n i was like “mama why didnt u tell me its sunday omg i havent done anyrhing” n she started at me for a good 30 seconds n was like “sajida its sunday bc its 12 am” n i let out the loudest sigh ffs
REMEMBWR WHEN WE MADE THAT MUSICALLY AT THE 6TH GRADE VALENTINES DAY DANCE I REMEMBER A BUNCH OF OLDER GIRLS JUST STARIN AT US N LAUGHIN N I WAS LIKE HEHEHE IM SO QUIRKY @goldencooch
this monkey seems to be my source of happiness nowadays n i love it ??
MY NECK HURTS IVE BEEN SLEEPIN IN WEIRD POSITIONS LATELY BUT AT LEAST IVE BEEN SLEEPIN
bad quality bc i had to crop it out of a thread but wow i love this
OK BUT THAT REALLY DOES LOOK LIKE ***** ITS SO FUNNY
idk where i found this but perioioioioioioiodt
hello 911?
im sendin dariel a bomb for his birthday
HIS SMILE>>>>>
when u get angry at a person for standin up for their friend ????
wildin
quirky
omg its vivian ??
i want a ferret n a monkey so bad like ??
i smell like watermelon
i hate that no one laughed at this with me
i broke my last hair tie what do i do
??
recuérdame
happy best friends day to these idiots ily ??????????????????
when u n the gc hate the same person ??
any volunteers?
my heart ?????? im sorry im really spammin yall with this monkey but can u blame me
why do 90% of kian’s pics look like this
monkeys>>> everyone n everythin else
not to be dramatic but i’d DIE for george
HES 10 YEARS OLD OMG
AWWWW HES TICKLISH I EHWHSJWUENWISHQIW STOPP OMG
IM ACTUALLY CRYIN LIKE QCTUALLY KIEHSIQHA I LOVE MONKEYS SO MUCH LOOK HOW CUTE GEORGE IS DIWBSOBA FUCK
theyre missin the point ??
i love aidan n all but this is stupid
im tired n idk what to do for 2day
kylie’s so fuckin cute ???? the only good thing i have goin is bein her best friend ??
did i really dream about laura dream last night? perhaps ??
I LOVED MC HUNGER GAMES SO MUCH OMG
whwhwhwhw why did u bring condoms? ejwjehwiene i didnt mean to!
HOOK]
syd is really fuckin hot sorry not sorry
take her back ????
PLEASE TELL ME IM NOT THE ONLY ONE LAUGHING AT THIS
wtf imagine bein this gorg ??
IM LAUGHING SO HARD THANK U GORGE
he aint wrong
kaley said some ????????
ok update on the bein grounded thing; my mom’s calmed down but ive been avoiding her n my dad hasnt been home so idk if she told him or not but if she did my dad could either flip out n lecture me till 5 am or not care n go to sleep— theres no in between
I SNORTED
hey yall i think i might get grounded soon so if i dont reply u know why ??
the first girl can GET IT
lets make it happen
oh?
i have so much i wanna rant about but i respect people’s privacy so have this screenshot of dariel bein a dariel ;)
sent this to a gc i havent been in in a while w a friend i blocked a few months ago ??
sent this to my mom??
i hope this stains my skin
alana talkin to us abt her baby ****
no one:
my face: O ?? o
my mama said some ????????
??
icp>>>
i read this in a certain voice n all u know damn well which voice that is
the lunch ladies were lookin at me weird when i was putting salad on my plate n then one of them said something but i had my headphones in n couldnt hear her so i just said good morning
esaa really got me ferrero rocher chocolates as a late birthday present ??
progress? it’s due tmr :(
im comin for kaley
ya girls goin vegetarian again n this time yall cant literally bully me out of it fuck u ??
if u know, u know
not tryna flex but ive had 2 turns n i used balls back both times to win ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
if u really think im abouta make every single post about u ur sadly mistaken
my mom told my brother to do something n ive heard him run around just to go back to my mom n ask what she wanted again
this really called me ugly in 60 different languages
the guy on the right scares me so much
wow mia’s really givin me affection today
we watched a nature doc today and i teared up so much but i couldnt ruin my makeup so my dumbass kept my head up
seein dylan in the mornin really makes me feel like this
me when trista gave me $15
fuck yall for sayin hes not cute i will fuckin vore u
my hand has a habit of lookin like a foot
when loay says ily first>>
idk if im ever gonna eat eggs again
this aint worth it
fuck yall for making fun of hobo johnson hes amazing n his songs are so good u guys are just angry he isnt going full autotone ??
i dtayed up until 12 am fownlosding a bunch of hus tiktoks wow my gor u page is really doubg the trick
it’s 6 am and im crying to the ballad of hamantha
prince ali mighty as he ali ababwa! strong as 10! regular men!
what’s this? a new tiktok crush?
should i actually go to school tmr tho
my mom was gonna go to target to finally get me hair dye but my dad decided to have his friends over so i guess im waiting ??
why did we give dariel rights
he had his camera opened for literally an hour only to send this
this is a mess
pardon?
i found this funny
no one:
edwin:
me: omg seriously? shut the fuck up omg ur such an asshole wow shut up man watch me beat u up fr
petition to politely murder aieyelin? all in say eye
I JUST WATCHED DAVIDS VIDEO N WHY IS THIS SO FUNNY TO ME
MY DAD REALLY WROTE MERRY CHRISTMAS AS MARY CHASMS
when he said ?? i wish i could say i felt that
yall already know ??
imagine being as sleep deprived as me
shes flexing ??
why’d we give kylie an iphone
“my neck is red” *touches nose*
this is what happens when u put me dariel and kylie in a gc ??
everyone wants a taste of my boots
i like the sound of that
breakfasts ready ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
yall cant make fun of me but wow laura’s so cute ????????
??
me when i get near kylie ??
who let mason go on the comedy side of instagram
FR THE GUY WHO WE BOUGHT HE SNACKS FROM @ MJR LOOKED SO MUCH LIKE ZAYN AND HE WAS SO HOT I HAD TO PUT MY GLASSES ON TO LOOK AT HIM LIKE WHEW
2 more hours
waverly really said some: *pretty noises*
my frequently used emojis are so whack??
the doorbell rings i gotta get em inside with my best little girls voice im like “hi come on in im putting on my bikini!” —heh— and when the door shuts thats when i let em see me **hi there**
when he winked my heart went ??????
YALL REALLY USED TO MAKE FUN OF ME FOR LIKING LUCIFER BUT LOOK AT LIZ MAN IM NOT CRAZY ITS A GOOD SHOW
why she lookin like that
IDK WHY THIS IS SO FUNNY TO ME
stop calling my cat anorexic only i can do that ??????
the aladdin soundtrack is so good
i knew this bitch named becky
no
gm
im woke
ok i think im gonna try n sleep now. have a good night ??
oh?
IM SO PROUD ????????????
??
alana be like
alana kept scaring rhe fuck outta me
why i look like that ??
romantic ??
she said-
LIZ>>>>
excuse how dumb i look but AWWW MASON DUETTED MY VIDEO
rip ricky????????
yo why my face so oily tho
my face feels ugly
im scared cuz she’ll actually do it ??
i wanna do this ?? edwin hand over ur skateboard u rat
i might just burn my bangs off
yall already know this is dariel
gappy hitday ??
i had to share this like wow have any of yall ever seen mason 2 cuss i ??
i hate yall for posting all those ugly ass pics of me but TYSM FOR THR BIRTHDAY WISHES I ????????????????????????
fuckin pardon
yo amaya really fuckin GREW man WHO. IS. THAT.
i post so much i forgot if i already posted this or not
my nose said ??
WHICH ONE OF U FUCKTARDS MADE THIS
ya girl really just bought spotify premium with her own money ??
his tiktoks give me life
sounds like a plan
why do i keep rewatching this ??
oh?
yall ever just stare at urself long enough that u start turning into an alien
fake flowers for a fake cat
he does NOT look 5 years old fuck u guys ??????????
how to unsee text?
ok i love him n all but why did he use a sharpie
i stab em in the neck first cUz iT hUrts
my stomach hurts
I THINK IT WAS ON MONDAY BUT he was recording shit and then he recorded a pack of hair dye at a store and he made the ?? face and i was like omg hes gonna dye his hair AND HE DID
I LAUGEHDD SO HARD
besitos
what happened here
he had it comin
@ the end someone was probably diagnosed with depression
today was amazing ty to everyone who said happy early birthday ?? i almost cried multiple times cuz im a big crybaby but ?? tytyty also if esaa really brings me $20 on monday i’m definitely donating it to the homeless shelter so it’ll go right back to him ??
WHY DO I SOUND LIKE THAT “HEE HEE SHE PEED ON THE FLOOR”
yo liz makes me so fuckin happy like i just read her note and i started crying i love her so fuckin much shit :’)
it really do tho
i akkready broke th e first ruke of paintibg ur bails
in soubt ny bails
sometimes i feel dumb texting dariel cuz hes all like blah fuckin big words n shit and im just like ?? yes
bitch graduates one time & thinks she the shit ?????? @woahkaayy
i still havent printed out my english paper ?? and i wonder why mrs mazaris keeps giving me dirty looks ??
bro yall really makin my day tysm ????????????????
baby hotline
AWHH when yall save my birthday as a reminder it makes my heart flutter ty ??????
hairhairhairhairhairhairhairhair
me and dariel when we argued about plastic straws ??
ok shes so fuckin pretty tho
BEHAJSHWOWH i might be crying? i am i definitely am :’) yall dont understand how much i fuckin love her ????
gorge really is THAT bitch ????????????????????
today was actually pretty fun except for when i couldnt breathe this morning and felt like someone was choking me ??
an important question
no one:
alana: i wanna get pregnant ????????????????????
we said some ????
im so fuckin tired i cant even stand up straight
i woke up to a whole fuckin paragraph that edwin wrote me and im gonna cry i love him so much yall ?? hes one of my closest friends and if i could go down to florida rn and fuckin squeeze the shit out of him i would ????????????????????????????
yall dont understand how many tiktoks i have saved to my phone
if you ever feel like the dumbest person on earth, just think of edwin
im almost done reading my book and i cant even go to the library to take out another one :(
*whines scared*
icantsleepicantsleepicantsleep
i cant sleep:( but ahh i love u all on purpose whether u like it or not!!!!
I WANNA RECREATE ALL OF THESE RN AUGH
i want to start loving my nose :)
i miss going on daily walks:(
FUCK YEAH
the amount of times this call ended for no reason...??????????
she told me not to post this but i been poppin pillies
im so close to beating him im literally gonna SCREAM
IM SCARED
why did we do that
dont mind if i do..??????????
accepting new best friend applications
hey! hope you had an amazing day today, you deserve it :) hope you drank a lot of water, got your protein, and told the people you love that you love them. good night, dream some happy dreams angel <3
someone airdropped this to me in precalc a while ago and i completely forgot about it, so enjoy this cutie doggo
good afternoon!! how was your day? tell me rn ??
DO YOU GUYS REMEMBER WHEN I HAD THAT WEIRD PHASE OH MY GOSH EW
it wasnt in the corner.
i dont know if i’m going to school tomorrow, my mom doesnt wanna let me go because of the virus but i dont wanna miss all the work so i might just sneak out while everyone’s sleeping. i dont know what to do they keep insisting i stay but the last time i was absent i missed so much work and felt really dumb:(
hanna literally snatched my phone out my back pocket to take this ?? but today was so bad and i dont wanna go back to school tmr :(
mr retzer listens to buddy so i think we’re best friends now :)
i told you guys i dont suck THAT bad, edwin’s just cheating i swear
i dont know how that was possible? i didnt even get??? a single?? word?? in??? im so serious edwin’s hacking these games>:( fuck you edwin and “daquan” im literally gonna kill u in ur sleep
i dont know how to express to you guys how much i HATE mr rochester. I HATE HIM SO MUCH. but not that much like i hate him way more than you can imagine. jane deserves so much better she should just marry me instead. or any other person. BECAUSE LITERALLY ANY OTHER PERSON IS BETTER THAN MR ROCHESTER
i think that’s all for now!! i’ll probably post later if i remember some other angels<3 happy international women’s day!!!
international women’s day. pt.4
HAHAHAHA
my sister has an imaginary friend named miguel and i just know it’s because she has the biggest crush on miguel from coco
I THINK IM GONNA POST BUT I FEEL LIKE I LOOK REALLY BAD BUT BUT I THINK IM GONNA TAKE THE RISK!!
I MISSED MY BUS AND IM JUST GOING THROUGH POSTS AND I CANT STOP LAUGHING AT THIS SHAHAHAHA I HAD FORGOTT THE FART
goodnight. i hope you all had a nice relaxing weekend.
i think i’m gonna get grandpa shoes!!!!!
maybe i’ll “sleep in” and “miss my bus” so i “cant” go to school... yall didnt hear this from me though
do it
get lost ed sherrin.
edwin got an iphone >:)
missin this place ??
does anyone have macdonald? i’m tryna get her to sign my AP papers but i can never catch her in time :(
school:((( i woke up and it didnt even feel like i slept I HATE WHEN THIS HAPPENS NOW IM TIRED AND I DONT HAVE A CUP FOR COFFEE IM GONNA CRy
hope you’re having a good day!
JAIL
goodmorning
i saw a post where a girl was talking about her getting an abortion and the comments were so rude :(
hellohellohello how was your day
goodnight
goodmorn
first game n second ?? we had trista’s nana come in to teach me HHAHA
WE BOWLIN I HAVENT BEEN BOWLIN FOR THE LONNGEST TIME
patiently waitin for trista to pick me up!! i did my makeup a lil different today and i feel like it looks really whack but whatever!!
goodmorning! i hope the first day of your break is fun ??
i dont mean to sound annoying or ungrateful, but it makes me so sad when people dont put in effort to talk to me. i always have to be the one to initiate the conversation, keep it going, and so on and it makes me so sad. this isnt a calling out post!! this isnt me directing a post towards anyone!! it’s just something i’ve been really down about the past couple of days and i dont want to bother the same person with my sobbing every single day:( i dont want to sound like i’m unsatisfied with my friends, because i am! i love them all so much and they mean the world to me! but i do wish that sometimes i’m not always the person giving, you know? i feel bad making this post, but i really dont know how else to get this out of my system. i feel like i’ve just been nonstop complaining these past few weeks and i’m really sorry for the people who have to constantly see it on their feed:( im planning on removing a bunch of people again because i just feel like i’m annoying everyone and i just wanna keep this circle small. if you do get removed, i dont really mean anything by it, i just feel like this acc is better left small. ty for reading:)
im so scared about the future. my parents are literally going to ruin my life. i’m gonna be that one nasty old lady who got married to someone she didnt wanna marry and worked an office job her whole life and she hated her kids and grandkids cause she never wanted them so they never visited and people end up making scary stories about her when she dies. i just wanna life my own life bro >:( i hate that my parents use WHEN you get married and WHEN you have kids. i wish i had open and loving parents who wanted me to do whatever i was comfortable with. i’m so scared they’re gonna force me into stuff. i dont know what to do anymore:(
goodmornin
hope u have a nice valentines. goodnight. <3
hope u all had a good day!!
goodnight
hello
does she do this to anyone else or is it just me because i start thinkin “damn what if she’s mad at me or somethin” ??
is she not just the prettiest little doll
i hope u all had a good day!! and look! at this frog!! my new fav pic >:)
goodnightt!!!
IM GAGGING OB MY GOSH THIS GUY REALLY SAID “YOU WANT TO ENTERTAIN ME IM EIK GEJJJJH EWAS REWWWW I CANT EW EWEW EWEWEW I HATE THIS EWWWWWWWWWWW BLOCKED NONONO THATS ->:(((
i hope you all had a good day
goodmorninggggg
i wish this was in better quality omgomg ?? but goodnightt 
… merry christmas

me & the baddies… didnt take any pics when kennedy logged on with us so i just tagged her as the person sniffing kory because there’s no difference
the way y’all literally wish u were us 🤣
hell
btw the kid in the second slide is some random kid she met and became besties with it was. something
queer
…
YALL ARENT READY
KORYS GONNA STEAL MY JOKE LATER SO IM MAKING IT AS A POST BEFORE HE DOES THISBIS LITERALLY KORY JOHNSON PROVE ME WRONG
my three favorite pronouns: people person, do good, and they them
can you guys laugh at this and give me validation
first post in almost a month woot woot
the hunter becomes the hunted… 😟
she got herself so dirty but she’s so excited to be outside
after her surgery my mom was scared about her going outside and was so paranoid about it even when the vet said it was fine for her to be active again…. this was her first time being out again in ages lol
good morning
this is what hell looks like. soak it in.
hey google where does chase hudson lil huddy live
lol what’s that caption??? WTF 🥺 guys i was HACKED
didnt post these yesterday
guys WTF?!?! someone hacked my camera 😨😨😨 if anyone recognizes this individual please message me ASAP!! im SCARED 😭😭😭😉 #WAP #weird #ass #pgay
i’d like to thank ALL of my wonderful fans for their kind words 🥺💔 KORY….. 😒 felt it was his PLACE? 😒…. to tell ME?! 😒 that i wasnt as funny as him…. what about now korykins………….. what about now🤨 @gapingvaginaa
i still have more videos btw but im compiling them all into one short horror movie trailer with kory as the villian
yeah
whatbif i hehw jfkle. and the. ndkouv ?! riehb nmmdon eb wndiehw
i got emoshonal 😭😭😭😭😢😢😢🥺 hope you guys like it. i like to think theyre up dancing in the stars together 😭😭😭😭 thanks klaus for the idea. my eyes have been opened.
guys what would you do ifni wendy abd neuwb ehb eiosodiw ?
tiktoks that give me kory vibes 🥺🥺🥀 #emo #emoaesthetic #goth
henry and his dilf boyfriend john 🥺😭🌹🔥🥀 theyre so sexy together my toes are curling
REAL MEN GO BALD!!!!!
henry.
JOHN EVERSKIES LAYOUT😍😍😍😍😍
john inspired everskies character 🌹 i hope you like it john
MEOW MEOW MEOW MEOW MEOW MEOW
it’s been done once again. no more. i shall get revenge
john part 2…. to be continued….
guys can we all agree john is underrated? 🥺
john part 1
not john: i am not john #notjohn
sam rose from the dead to give you all a french lesson thats so uwu romantic🥺 #cottagecore
HELP SOMEONE STOP US
I CANT BRBEBWAYHE
FOR THE RECORD I DID NOT LICK MY HAND THEY ARE A DIRTY LIAR….
HAPPY INTERNSTIONAL CAT DAY STINKY
everyone give mia a kiss rn
If You Dont Like, Comment, And Share HE Will Be Under Your Bed Tonight. Ignore If You Hate Jesus
now the war is passed and over
VOLUME WARNING… IF UR AROUND SOMEONE MAYBE PUT IT DOWN OR PUT EARBUDS ON…. YOUVE BEEN WARNED U CANT BLAME ME
i’d look so good in these
our love story
I ACSBTHBEVTBTBT BREATHE I WISH AMAYA STILL USED INSTAGRAM SO SHE COULD SEE RRHESE HELLPP
i just sent rhese to amaya i cant stop mlaughong what a comedic geneous
..
ME AND CAITLIN R MATCHING I FINALLY FOUND SOMEONE TO USE THESE WITH ARE U ALL JEALOUS
happy national gfs day to those who celebrate. to the rest of yall, stay strong 💪🏽
yesterday when i used my powers to break jasper’s birdhouse 😋🌹
the way they pushed me… #toxicpartner
who wants to hear me beatbox
i literally started sobbigb when they sent me these i love lisa so much +}€]+#£]+~£+]£|+[•\={¥]+] I LITERALLY CANT DTOP CRYING THIS IS THE SWEETEST THINT ANYONES EVER DONE FOR ME IM SO LUCKY TO HAVE MET THEM
THIS WAS SO MUCH FUN
HIGHLIGHTS OUT OF CONTEXT😋😋😋😋
which one of you sickos call ur boyfriend foo foo i just wanna talk
can we h*ld h*nds at school tomowwoww Adopted Bro🥺🌹
hello Fluffernutter this is your landlord your rent’s overdue
what the hell man (pardon my french) im just trying to raise my family of 3 this hatred today is so unnecessary what do yall hate cookies n cream lovers or somerhing
i cannot believe yall saw i was still following him and had the audacity not to tell me
that’s it for me folks
i organized 50% of my closet yesterday im satisfied
we r kinda matching i love it
lisa and elsa r so cute look at them😫😫
dear diary, today i met someone on the street and i kinda felt bad for them so i hung out with them. i love doing charity.
HELLLLPPPPPP
me and kylie bought matching shirts
…..
hey yall not everyone watches my story so just lettin yall know i posted ur responses on there 😫 my stories really long so just dm me if u cant look thru all of it and i’ll send u where it starts 😋
NVM I FORGOT I MADE IT A HIGHLIGHT SO JUST OPEN MY HIGHLIGHT LOL
just me, an ordinary innocent man, not at ALL hiding because i have no reason to hide whatsoever and am completely innocent
hey guys im replacing leann rn so plz fill out the application in my bio 🤗 i’m gonna post the responses tomorrow cuz theyre so funny so far
the last one glitched for some reason but i said “nvm” then exited
the first one was because i showed kylie a text of chuka having the ability to type fast and she got upset🙄
we’re hilarious u all can say it lol
more..
THIS WAS SO FUNNY
THESE ARE SO FUNNY
terror.
skelfie! #aesthetic #nofilter #allnatural #explore #sexy
EMERALD BEING A ROBERT PATTINSON HATER…. THIS IS WHO’S ON SAM’S SIDE…. IS THIS WHAT YALL STAND FOR????
HELEPEPEPEPEPEPEPEPE IM BEING HARASSED 🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬
so people not in the gc can differentiate 🤗🌹
sam must be stopped.
I COMPLETELY FORGOT I MADE THIS FOR TRISTA LAST YEAR IM GONNA CRY
I MISS YOU ELVIS….. MY LOVE 🤬🤬🤬
thank april for the last pic
mr wesley accept my follow request 🙁
happy fathers day papa
fun fact i was mad at kylie in thr first pic which is why i stayed so far away from her
fun fact i was mad at kylie in thr first pic which is why i stayed so far away from her
awkward conversations with my friends from 2014
beautiful
mitski
kylie plz comment on this so it isnt awkward 🤗
BREAKING NEWS 😨 ed caught cheating on emerald….. guess he found another rocking chair to swing back and forth on ☹️
we’re so aesthetic 🥺🤞🏽
ITS HARD WORK BEING A TREE 😫
hear me out
i know how bad this looks
but you had to be there
kylie tell them they had to be there
beautiful people 10
some of my favorites from my story today
kinda sorry about the spam kinda not
CUTE
so aesthetic 🥺🤞🏽
thinking........
I CANT BRETAHE
DOT DOT DOT ????
i hate these mfs
here is this conversation out of context
dot dot dot
BU KAWK
i hate you all
beautiful people part 9 i think
heres a video of maria singing about being a whacky soda and me in the background freaking out cuz she hasnt shut up for the past hour 👍🏽
u can hear my mom not helpin me at all 😐 fake. all of them. fake.
maria sent me this while my brother and mom were arguing about something
goodnight post
.....
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME 🤗🤗
ISNT THIS THE ABSOLUTE CUTEST
PT 3
someone remind me to post the rest tomorrow
PT 2.....
HES BACK
HELP I CANT STOP REWATCHING THIS ITS MY FAVORITE VIDEO IM SO OBSSESED HELP ITS AN ADDICTION WHY ARE THEY SO STUNNING OH MY GOSH
beautiful people part 8? gn
I CANT FUCJIBG BREATHE
:(
ME AND BESTIE LOOK SO GOOD MATCHING
HERE R MORE CLIPS FROM SATURDAY I MISS U BAE I KNOW I SAW U TODAY BUT I MISS YOU 😫😫😫😫😫
LMFAOOA THE 8TH SLIDE “im gonna call you a whore 😈” *aggressive nodding*
PEACE AND LOVE 😫😫😫👍🏽
THIS IS SO FUNNY TO ME PLELALSLSEE
i put my hair up to try to look like ross lynch but i forgot a key point
guyz plz do not mention my smile i smile weird i know it is weird donnot mention it guys olz dont day abuthing about my smi
beautiful people shera cosplayers edition
his reply was kinda a crime but i forgive him
hi baby girl... heheh.... everything’s okay i promise.... i forgive you🤗 it’s okay don’t worry about it 🤫
OH BOOKSTORE GIRLL, I WONDER WHAT YOUR NAME IS
here are times ive caught leann FOLLOWING. me
just goes to show how obsessed she is wirh me
thanmk you forbur contributions leann...... our first couple photo 🥺🤞🏽
guys rnt we cute togehter
answer correctly or perish
i will not hesitate to block you
beautiful people part ???7??? im gonna make a separate post for shera cosplayers cuz they are GORGEOUS
I WOULD LIKE TO POINT OUT THAT THE 7TH PERSON’S @ IS CHAOTIC HOZIER AND I LOVE THAT
me and nendou r so cute 🥺🤞🏽🤞🏽 we dont believe in legal marriage but do you guys wanna come on our ramen outing? 😆 **NO UGLY BABIES OR SINGLE MOTHERS WHO HAD AN AFFAIR WITH ED SHEERAN ALLOWED
HOT GIRL SUMMER 🤗🤗🤗🤗
wintillius von desk the XXVII being the ugly baby he is 🥱🥱🥱
GUYS WE LOOK SO GOOD DONT WE??? 🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🔥🔥🤞🏽🤞🏽🤞🏽
i dint have a fourth account.... the quadruplet will be complete when i officially create my nancy ajram fan acc 👩‍❤️‍💋‍👩
guys im not embarrassing please stop dming me saying this is embarrassing itsnot embarassing to match with yourself its cool its cakled self love
2 likes to send a hitman out for leann
thanks for the likes guys
a moment of silence for the old simps gc please......
FFS
GUSUSYSYYSSSS
I DIDNT FORGET YALL!!! HAPPY 35TH BIRTHDAY BESTIE 😜😩🤗 MY MOM DIDNT LET ME GET A CAKE SO I BOUGHT A CANDLE AND PUT IT ON MY PIZZA!! CELEBRATING IN UNITY 🦃🦃🦃🦃
the robert pattinson mom facebook groups were on fire today 🔥😩😩😩
IM NOT CRAZY❓❓❓❓❓❔❔❔
YEAH IM LIKING MY OWN POST
ok i know i look weird in the second slide but kylie said i didnt and kylie only lies 98% of the time so im believing her
aggressive sobbing in the distance
i cant be the only one to cry over this plz
dhmu #iykyk
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 #sad
kylie can you make me a #emo edit
or someone
or someone
maybe i should just spam this account with tiktoks that made me cry
i almost forgot about these. why did i remember.
#emo
she called me to yell at me for not calling her before she called me
people beautiful
I GOT MORE BROWN EYESHADOW 💋💋💋💋💋💋💋😍😍😍😍😇😇😇😁
RIP THAT PUSSY AYEEE
good morning.... 🤨
GHHGGHHOOODD
SOS
WANNA BE EDA SO BAD......
MARIA KEPT RUINING THE FARM I WAS MAKING AND KEPT BREAKING THE SEEDS TO FEED TO CHICKENS IT LITERALLY TOOK ME AN HOUR TO GET JUST BREAD.
i’d like everyone to know what’s happening in our dms. for my own safety.
i havent finished weaving in the ends so it looks a little rough but i made me and mia matching frog hats!! im debating adding a little tongue to it but im not sure if i’ll just end up ruining it 😩
beautiful people
i cant explain the anger i felt watching this
i had a dream some alien ripped my heart out then told me she was my mommy
THIS IS SO EMBARRASSING
im surrounded by idiots 😟
beautiful people
guys please stop texting my old number this is getting exhausting
no
hi i tried it and concluded its not bad but not what i expected 😟⁉️ anyways the first clip is me getting hair in my eyes and not wanting to lift my hand tot ake it out so i tried blinking it out but it didnt work😦 anyways my hairs very all over the place because i woke up and didnt feel like putting products on it and then i slept on it without putting it up and moved around a lot and that is what occured. learned my lesson wont ever happened again. also sorry for not being the best texter lately i’ve been studying for the sat and am losing my head over it 😟 man i really gave a whole life update yall better read rhis if you read rhe whole thing say potato. i’ll be watching.........
AND HERES HOW I MADE HER!! the last one is me and her, me being on the left and her on the right 🙏🏽
*ALSO SHE MADE ME AND I MADE HER ON THE LAST ONE
me and my little sister did the picrew thing here’s how she made me
JASPER MADE US THESE R SO CUYE IM GONNA SOB
I FEEL THE RAGE BUILDING UP INSIDE OF ME
*** jasper sent me a similar tiktok within minutes of me watching this one and APPARENTLY they hadnt planned it the universe is out to get me
played with my sister today but her skin wasnt working and she came over to see my screen and was like where am i? and i was like maria u are right there. and she was like THAT IS NOT ME.
HER USERNAME IS SO FUNNY
these r very bad and i look off but i dont have any new pics
beautiful people
mitski invented the universe 🥱
youre breathing rn, mitski invented breathing please thank her 😕
GUYSGS I WON
GUYS I WON
OH MY GOSH
im not letyin yall see the photo i deserve this moment of individuality
side with me or ROT
my children. we are entering a new era. with positive changes we must unfortunately come face to face with hardships. all efforts will not go to waste. so join me. as your leader i will lead us to victory. for the lesbian photos. amen
someone get the photo for me
please mim begging
no i dont beg lisa would like that
i demand
no i dont demand lisa would like that too
just tried to look masculine. didnt work. ego crushed. never trying that again
i love tarzan so much
also the mitski video is a gift from me to yall for workin so hard this week. yall deserve it 😩👐🏽
OH A HUNDRED YEARS IS A VERY LONG TIME
I FORGOT I TOOK A PIC OF THIS LOOK WHAT JASPER BUILT
women 🥶🤬🙄😒🤬
life is goin good plz can it not suddenly go to shit im praying 😩😩😩😩😩😩😩👐🏽👐🏽👐🏽👐🏽👐🏽
cuz jasper did it
off topic but i had such a cute outfit thought out for today since its the 3rd day of spring but my confidence to wear it at school is.
try and tell me im not gonna eat this shit up you cant you just cant
group chat's been actin up 2day😟
a bit embarrassing bestie 😜
MORE BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE ON TIKTOK!! ALSO EVERYONE UNDER THE WAITRESS AUDIO IS SO GORGEOUS I WANTED TO INCLUDE ALL OF THEM CUZ I HAD LIKE 50 IN MY FAVORITES 😩
sinbad's dad was so fine......
listen i know the part where he showed his bruised body was supposed to be emotional but.
hay lol
i guess we're in love now wow i'll see you at the altar da_realest03!!!
what movie should i make my sister watch with me? we've already watched a few ghibli movies and she's really liked them but i wanna switch it up a bit :3
in conclusion leann likes feet❤️
going through my "me" highlight is so so weird because i literally look nothing like the earlier highlights anymore and idk how that makes me feel
people r so attractive
IM GONNA CRY
SOMEONE PLEWAEE
IM CRYING I LOVE MY HAIRCUT SO MUCH I WASBSO SCARED IN THE MOMENT AND I TOLD HER THAY I WAS JUST REALLY NERVOUS AND SHE WAS SO NICE AND CALMED ME DOWN AND SHE DID EXACTLY WHAT I WANTED I LITERALLY ALMOST SOBBED I FREL SO PRETYY
today was so EXHAUSTING. i had the biggest headache and stomachache but my parents wouldnt let me stay home since it wasnt due to me being sick just me being stupid and barely eating yesterday and then going to sleep late at night so i ended up getting like 2 hours of sleep. but it sucked so bad and to make matters worse it was on PICTURE DAY 😟 MY PUCTURE LOOKS SO BAD IF I DIE OR GO MISSING AND YALL USE THIS PIC IN THE NEWS I WILL HAUNT EACH AND EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YALL AND YOUR OFFSPRING FOR ETERNITY. anyways i took the best nap when i got home with mia she was so excited when i got home i felt like all my worries went away<3 also thank you lisa for texting me for the second half of the day it took my mind off a lot of things i needed it 😩 PLUS PHYSICS WAS SO BORING TODAY DOUBLE YOU TEA EFF???? also thank you abby for the oatmeal cream pie at lunch it was so good i felt my soul do somersaults 😩 thank you kory for complimenting my outfit today even though i literally looked like walking hell 😟 and thank you mr wesley for complimenting my glasses gotta love the validation you get from old history teachers 😩
hopefully tomorrow will be better lawl
FUCK I FORGOT I HAD SCHOOL TOMORROW WHY DOES MY LAST NAME START WITH AN A THATS SO FUCKING DUMB
jasper we should get married so i can take ur last name lol😇
everytime amaya texts me she sends a video along with it and each time it gets worse
SHOULD I PKST ON MY MAIN NOW OR WWHAT POSTING ON MY MAIN ALWAYS SCRARES ME BUT I HAVENT POSTED IN A WHILE I DONT WANT PEOPEK TO FIRGET MY PRESENCE 😕🤞🏽🤞🏽🤞🏽🤞🏽🤞🏽😭🤞🏽
NEVERMIND. I DID IT 😄
(BTW BESTIES MY MOM FOLLOWS MY ACC CAREFUL WITH THE COMMENTS 😩)
i started a gc with all of my accounts. i think it's going well :D!
i never posted these but i look good so 😁🤞🏽
👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎 i shoukdnt have followed back so quicklt that was so dumb it looked like i was being desperate thisbis sso embarrasibgb im fonna dicg myself abjole
.. . i went to my photos today in front of someone cuz i wanted to check the ss of what times classes end and these photos decided to jump out 😕 it was so embarrassing i closed my phone so quick
eveeytime i think about it my toes curl up oh my god IM SO STUPID
my eyes r so red from crying blurbh i want rhis day to fo by quick
im sorry if we spoke today and i was so painfully unfunny im not used to talking to people irl i'll be back on my grind i swear 😕🤞🏽
gl today shawties 😕
NOBODY THAT I KNOW IN COHORT A HAS B LUNCH IM GONNA CRY I HAVE THE WORST FUCKIN LUCK
IM CRYING
I ALMOST PISSED MYSELF
JASPER'S SENDING OUR NAMES TO MARS OH MY GOSH
im finally getting me hair cut B) im gonna get a noticeable cut this time so i dont wanna hear anyone saying "omg you got ur hair cut? i cant tell 😵" again i will cry please just play along
thank u for checkin in im doin ok!!!!
i named my 'i'iwi abel if anyone was interested!!!
this was a crime.
went from felix to sheldon
MIA'S FINISHED STRAWBERRY BEANIE!!!!
she surprisingly doesn't hate it :p she takes naps in it all the time it's v cute
this is the first time in ages that i havent felt absolutely revolting but i have terrible lighting im sorry:<
i. i won't him.
i am now realizing this is slightly embarrassing for me
listen.
hello i'm back on for the weekend i think
burbrubrubribr everything feels so off and wrong i think i might log out again
yeah 😁 i think im gonna rewatch the cat returns next
thinking.....
me n who lol 😆
ITS AN HONOR
ellen degenarroused
I THINK im gonna go get my hair cut again but this time it's gonna be a bigger change LOL im just so terrified it's not gonna look good on me because i have such an. ODD. facial structure
dear diary, i did charity work today
she is on wheels, i report, she is on wheels. tell your children, father, mother, uncles, aunts, everyone you know to stay inside. make sure you have 911 on speed dial though i doubt they'll be much help lol you'll have better luck hiring a roach. best bet is to avoid any and all contact with light yag
DID I TELL YALL CHLOE TURNED ME INTO A SIM?????
fuck it up bestie tell em who's boss!! mhm!! 😩😩😩‼️🤬
not cool 😕
the invisible man is sexy yes or yes
TW// drawing of severed head and slit neck in last slide!!
these r so disgusting sorry 4 ur eyes ig
these are all from 2017 and up maybe some from 2016 im not sure
nothing past like mid 2018 though
hello!!! if you could please take ur time to go through this, it would mean loads:) if youre not able to donate, do share it to those you know are able to or you know will be willing to share as well! no pressure to do either but it would be really helpful :D !
i wanna go thrifting so bad im literally itching but each time i say im gonna go i get so lazy and decide to go another day but never actually go another day and then its just a cycle.
i am so terribly not sorry
i love watchin yall attempt to go through it all and then quitting halfway
and then waiting until it gets shorter to watch it
i see all
anyways 😒 comment ur tiktoks pls so i can tag more than the usual 3 people
imagine no one comments that would be funny i think
MIA IN HER ELEPHANT CHAIR!!!!!!!
WE R MARRIED!!!!!!!!! OMG
yall will never get my last name.
OMG!!!!!!!!!!
my valentines date ❤️
colette had an affair with george washington and then also tried it with me.... 😒
i finally did it 😩 these arent all of the pics i originally wanted to post cuz they werent downloading at all all day but im not gonna make this post a day late 😒😒🖕🤬 anyways i can finally post my paragraph enjoy it bestie you only get one a year 😩😩
this has GOT to be bullying
IM IN PAIN
this is gonna haunt me for centuries
that’s it
still looking for that twilight jacket...
dhmu 💔🖕🤬 in pain 😢👿
call us bonnie and clyde 😍🙏🏽
yeah
am sad but these pics my mom sent me make me laugh so hard look at how cute mia is i wanna smooch her so hard :3
she’s posing!! :D
the struggle to find a yuri not written by men fetishizing a wlw relationship is painful 😐
i fucking hate this app.
I DID IT!!!!!!
girl target terry’s gonna be real mad about this one 😒
so here are a few more pics that make me very happy:) ive been in the shittiest mood lately and i adore going over these in my spare time. hope you all are having a good day<3
clearly someone doesn’t appreciate beauty😒🤬🖕🖕🖕🤬🤬😒😒
what if i
😒
my brother got a new phone😐
😓
but..... he was in love with the shape of your rotting shrivelled corpse 😓💔
TW// BLOOD AND GUN SHOOTING GIF 8TH SLIDE
fly high angel 💔
i cant count how many times ive listened to this song this week. it is. my medicine. yall ever get worried and limit urself to a certain amount of plays a week because ur scared ur gonna get over it or am i just sickly
spot the difference
some of my favorite tiktoks in my saved
i had to include emi i got the biggest crush on them 🙄
that was so embarrassing LOL
I LOST IT AFTER SHE TEXTED THAT I SAW HER LAUGH SO HARD AND WAS LIKE WHAT??? PUHLEASE
watching hamilton with mikaila 😍 lisa if u wake up and see this join us🙄
would u guys mind me posting more pics that spark joy in me? last time i was limited to 10 and i have so many more that i’d like to share :3 also this is mia’s face of betrayal she still hasnt forgiven me yet.
IM SO CLOSE TO DMING THEM. SOMEONE JUST NEEDS TO TELL ME IF GETTIG. THIS WOULD BE A BAD IDEA OR NOT. ANYONE. TRLL ME PLEASE
carrie sayin what all of yall are thinkin😰
LIZ UR SO CUTE COME KISS ME
part two... 💋
part one 🗡
I DONT KNOW WHETHER TO LAUGH AT THESE BECAUSE WE LOOK FUCKING STUPID OR BECAUSE OF THE PIXELS
IM TRYNA DECIDE IF I WANNA POST ON MY MAIN OR NOT CUZ I GENUINELY CANT TELL IF MY PICS LOOK GOOD OR IF IM JUST TRYING HARD TO MAKE THEM LOOK GOOD
should i??? HNNNHVHHHH I WANNA SO BAD
BUT ALSO MY BODY’S DISGUSTING AND THIS IS PUSHING IT
STOP STALKING ME!!!!!!
OMG I DIDNT EXPECT SO MANY PEOPLE TO ACTUALLY WANT A PLAYLIST I LITERALLY EXPECTED TO GET NO COMMENTS AT ALL AND END UP DELETING RHE POST OUT OF EMBARRASSMENT BEBEHSHWHW THANK YOU OMG I’LL DEF START MAKIN THEM
heyz does anyone by any change want a playlist made for them? i realized i havent made one in a while and i really wanna lolz:3 just lemme know if u use apple music or spotify and what kinda vibes u want with it because if u give me no specifications it ends up being all over the place LOLZ
thinking....?
I CANT BREATHE IM JUST NOW REALIZING THAT I WAS TERRIBLY INSULTED A YEAR AGO. I REMEMBER I SHARED A POST ON MY STORY AND SOMEONE REPLIED TO IT AND SAID you’re so brave 😍🙏🏽🔥 AND I WAS LIKE omg thank you!! ❤️ MAMAS THEY WERE INSULTING YOU PLEASE IM FUCKIN LOSINT IT
cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool
I MISS JENNA.... </3
feelin better asf!!!!!!! hellz yeah
this makes me feel better about myself. yeah my life sucks but at least im not him😍
PEOPLE WHO REMIND ME OF DANIELLE 😇
heyz!! so i have an folder on here that i’ve been building up since early this year of just pictures that make me warm and happy to look at, and my favorite thing to do when im sad is come back and go over them. sorry, they’re really simple, but make me really emotional as they remind me a lot of when i used to live in a lil village and took care of animals with my grandma:D idk if they’ll do anything to anyone else but if ur having a rough day i hope these help you even a tiny bit:)
i have to bring this clip back up. it literally owns me. everything about it. the absolute raw emotion ggrtrrrrrrrrr i am in PAIN this video literally owns me and im not mad about it
yall try and tell me this isnt beautiful i will literally block you
he look
52w
this is the 5th night where i woke up from a nightmare unable to go back to sleep:( i dont know why ive been getting these theyre so aggravating i just wanna go to sleep. anyways im listening to mitski till my brain stops being stupid
i cry at everything lol GOODNIGHT.
:3
ABSOLUTE SAINT
FIT CHECK!!!!!!
posted this on my story but it deserves to be here too....... yall must be so jealous of me im literally married to a god
im so famous
sorry ive been v boring lately i’ll be back to being seggc give me time to collect myself
happy holidays
ok
i do not.
yuh get it i guess 😐
IM NOT SORRY.
i deleted some to make it easier on yall ig 🙄
if u make it thru the whole thing i’ll sing gary come home for u😇
embarrassing..
never thought my life would get to the point where i’m playing roblox with chuka 😐
stepping on all of u rn
we played flicker and danielle died first but she never played the game before so she thought she just magically started floating and didnt realize she was dead
😐 there is a line 😐 and i am 😐 DRAWING IT 😐
that’s so sexy of us yall must be so jealous 🥱
am so swag :I
PLEASE. I REMEMBER THERE BEING AN ENGLISH COVER FOR THIS SONG AND I LOVED THE WAY SHE SANG IT I WAS LITERALLY OBSESSED WITH IT MIDDLE SCHOOL BUT IVE SEARCHED FAR AND WIDE AND I CANT FIND IT SO IVE COME TO THE CONCLUSION THAT THE ARTIST DELETED IT AND IM SO SO SAD I JUST WANNA HEAR IT AGAIN PLEASE :((((((((
PLEASE. I REMEMBER THERE BEING AN ENGLISH COVER FOR THIS SONG AND I LOVED THE WAY SHE SANG IT I WAS LITERALLY OBSESSED WITH IT MIDDLE SCHOOL BUT IVE SEARCHED FAR AND WIDE AND I CANT FIND IT SO IVE COME TO THE CONCLUSION THAT THE ARTIST DELETED IT AND IM SO SO SAD I JUST WANNA HEAR IT AGAIN PLEASE :((((((((
LOOKIN SO SWAG IN THE DRESS KYLIE GAVE ME!!
searched up my name+core+aesthetic and this is what came up! very flower filled i love it :3
i am UPSET. just finished rewatching pride and prejudice for the millionth time this year alone and the yearning for someone to tell me “you have bewitched me mind body and soul, and i love, i love, i love you. i never wish to be parted from you from this day on” grows stronger and stronger. goddamnit SOMEONE JUST SAY IT AND LET ME DIE HAPPY
might go watch the mini series on hulu now because i’m unsatisfied 😐 my favorite pastime is making myself jealous of other people yummm
HNMHGGGGG I FORGOT KYLIE HAD MY HULU ACC AND WAS LIKE WHO THE FUCJ IS COLONIZER
CAN YALL GIVE ME IDEAS OF WHAT TO DO THIS WINTER BREAK I DONT WANNA LAY HERE DOING NOTHING ALL DAY
what color is this guy’s hair to yall: 👨🏻‍🦰
goodnight :p
I AM UPSET.
hey bestie
BLURHHHHGGGGGHG
the end.....
this was the only thing stopping me from going to sleep i have school in 4 hours good. night. 🥱
part 3... nearing the end
part two....
what started off as something simple..... part one..
shiiiiiiiid a whole new row of bhaddies 😍 who caught your eye 😋
hmm??? hmmmmmmmm? 🤨
say that again 🤨
all i know is HNGNNHHNGHG and frog
gets so tiring carrying all this swag #swag4life
im so romanticism 🤫😍
happy borfday soph🥱🥱🥱
GUYS!!! I HAVE NO WIGGLE ROOM FOR ANY CLASSES THIS YEAR BUT IF YOU DO PLEASE DO SIGN UP FOR IT!
hi!! so idk if anyones noticed but i’ve changed my pronouns on this acc to she/they, meaning im fine with both she/her and they/them pronouns. and they can both be used interchangeably but i would really appreciate if you guys would use them both an equal amount or they/them a bit more because rn that’s something im really struggling with, and it doesnt make it better when everyone’s completely ignoring the other half and only using she/her. :( i know that was never anyone’s intention but im going through a really hard time rn trying to figure out who i am and it would just really help me in the long-run. i dont have pronouns on my main account changed because i’m not sure how everyone would really take it, but that doesnt mean i prefer she/her more. sorry i just wanted to point it out because it started bothering me:(
also i have no idea why my brother’s scratching mia’s chin like that LOL she looks so uncomfortable get ur stinky hands off her 🙄
updated profile pic change.... gosh we’re so swag
NO.... WAY.....
hush little baby 🤫 dont u cry 🤗 welcome to 🥺 my white house 🥱
0 posts
this is me rn. am drinking tea. taking a nice break. how about you?
fill it out.... or whatever 🙄 or..... yeah.... um 😐
last pic was me and lisa getting married but they RAN AWAY FROM ME IN THE MIDDLE OF OUR WEDDING
PUHLEASE THIS IS HARASSMENT
BOPBOP TRY ME AGAIN 🙄🙄 TRY ME AGAIN I DARE U BOPBOP 🙄🙄 I GOT TOO MUCH SWAG
what a great day to not be racist....😍
not this mf again 🙄
me asf.......... FUCK BEIN GOOD IM A BAD BICTHC 🤗😹😇
why am i considered sensitive when it’s something that seriously triggered me :(
THSI SIS SO HEARTBREAKING OH MY GOSH OH MY GOSH WHO DOES THAT???????? WHO???? GIRL U COULDNT JUST??? IDK OH MY GOSH I TEMPORARILY HATE PEOPLE DONT TALK TO ME
OKAY THATS IT!!! I FEEL LIKE I LOOK DIFFERENT EACH MONTH LOLZ THATS SO FUNNY I MORPHED
november?? was?? okay ? LOL IDK HOW TO EXPLAIN IT it was an okay month like i had fun and i cried, there was a pretty good balance between the two so overall not bad
OCTOBER FEELS LIKE A FEVER DREAM
september- bro i feel like september lasted AGES like are these really all in the same month? LOLZ. anyways this was a good month i think? i started experimenting with different looks (u cant see it here but i swear it happened) LOLZ.
august- see now i started takin more pics 🙄 unfortunately 😹🙏🏽 I STILL LOOK NASTY ASF BUT AT LEAST I HAVE PICS‼️‼️ also i hate the 3rd one cuz its SO UGLY and in the full pic its a pic of me and liz and heres me tryin so hard to look presentable and liz is sittin in the back effortlessly looking stunnint I AM NOT EVEN PLAYIN WITH U I WAS LIKE MAMAS NOT U TRYNA MAKE ME LOOK BAD
july, one video again LOL I SWEAR I START GETTING MORE CONFIDENT AFTER THIS AND TAKE MORE PHOTOS
june- again..... i only have ONE PIC FROM THE MONTHRVAHAVAH ALSO IGNORE THE TEXT I HONESTLY FORGOT WHAT THE FUCK THAT WAS ABOUT HABAHABAHBAB PLEASSE
IM LOSING MY HEAD DID I THINK I WAS FUNNY?? WHAT THE FUCK WAS I TALKING ABOUT
april- have NO idea why this is a video LOL but april was a very bad month for me so i literally have 0 pics of myself from then. this is the only thing that will somewhat show me but even then its just a pic of my iced coffee LOLOLOL
APRIL! april was boring, i started gainin my confidence back but not enough for me to want to actually look at myself in the camera, so all i have from the month is this one video LOL
ALSO SORRY ABOUT THE GAP BRTWEN THIS AND THE LAST TWO POSTS SOMEONE FINALLY ASKED ME TO MAKE THEM A PLAYLIST!!!
march :| VERY BORING!!!!! CANT EVEN REMEMBER THAT MONTH!!! ugly asf i only have these two pics to show and even here i look like an alien LOLZ
february- meh.. LOLZ. i dont have any big takeaways from february except for the second half where i broke out from stress and cried because of it. still ugly, not lotsa pics :0
january D: am gonna be postin pics of me from every month this year, though some im not sure i’ll find enough. january of this year was pretty ick!!! i was swarmed with work and overall wasnt doin very well mentally so i had very low self esteem (which is why ive only been able to find 3 pics of myself LOL) yuck very ugly, 100% wouldnt go back to bein this person again LOLZ
ME IN 8TH GRADE IM GAGGING
watch out yall badbitty1235 is out fo blood😋
a story of romance..... tragedy... and betrayal.... comin to theatres near u💔
anyways coco played isolator with me today to make up for her and soph LEAVING ME!!!! but we ended up quitting lolz :3 so we just went and played hide and seek
* would like to point out this isnt coco, this is some random girl that wanted to hide with me for like 3 rounds straight LOLZ
missin my shawty asf </3
ignore chloe idk how they got in there 😹🙏🏽
OH MY GOSH <333333
GOODnight asf‼️🙏🏽
A SERIES OF EVENTS
I FUCKING LOST IT I WAS JUST WAITING FOR HER TO REALIZE MAMAS I WAS COUNTIN DOWN THE MINUTES
AM WORKIN ON IT
mushroom related things on my cart rn :3 (first pic unfortunately not included)
YALL DONT WANNA TRY ME ASF 🙄‼️‼️
this is getting ridiculous
i did it again, whoever’s submitting these i swear on my life when i see yall its ON SIGHT
this was so aggravating
me and kaley, also feel like i have to include sueheyli cuz she’s literally the one who got me back into it in high school LOLZ
all this cuz i told a guy to pull up his mask 😐 a guy who’s very able to pull up his mask 😐 also a guy who was very homophobic so idk maybe he can pass out or whatever more air for the rest of us🙄
if anyone wants to join 🙄 cuz now i got everyone spectatin like im not fightin my battles alone yall fake asf 🤨
well? 🙄
RIIIIIISEEEE AND SHIIIINNEEEE SOLDIERS‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️ REPORT TO BASE‼️‼️‼️‼️ HOW WAS YOUR SLEEP⁉️ MANDATORY RESPONSE ‼️‼️‼️‼️
HE IS HERE!!!!! MEET GEORGE :3
YALL DONT UNDERSTAND IVE BEEN WAITING SINCE AUGUST OH MY GOSH
thinkijnging 😋
I MISS MY VAMP GF!!!!!! ALSO THESE ARE SO FUNNY CUZ THE BEGINNING IS ALL PICS FROM FRESHMAN YEAR AND THEN IT JUST DOES A JUMP TO JUNIOR YEAR
tell her she’s purrrtyy:3 BUT NOT IN A ROMANTIC WAY WATCH WHO UR HITTIN ON 🤨
ON MY LIFE!!!!! ONE DAY!!!!! I WILL SMOOCH VAMP LIZ!!!! AND ALL YOU BITCHES WILL BE LIKE wow jackob tanner ur sooo cool! LIKE YEAH YEAH I KNOW 🙄🙄 ASF 😹😹😹😹😹 YEAH I GOT A NEW IDENTITY EVERY WEEK STOP DMING ME BOUT IT I KNOW YALL WANNA KISS ME SOOOO BAD 🤨🤨 ALSO STOP TELLING ME I LOOK 13 THE LAST SLIDE IS ME AT 13 I AM NOT 13!!!! PUT SOME RESPECT ON MY NAME!!!!
I DID NOT SPEND YEARS TRYNA GET OUT OF THAT PHASE FOR YALL TO TELL ME I LOOK 13!!!!!! YALL LAME ASF!!!!!!! ON MY LIFR WHEN I SEE YALL ITS ON SIGHT 🥶🥶🥶🥶
YALL DONT DESERVE ME!!!!! 🙄
YES I DID SPEND AN HOUR IN THE BATHROOM PRACTICING HOW TO FUCKING SMILE WITHOUT LOOKING LIKE BOOBOO THE BEAR IF HE HAD MATED WITH AN INSECT!!!! AND IT DOESNT HELP THAT MY HAIR LOOKS DISGUSTING!!!!!! I WILL ONLY BE WHITE BOY SMILING FROM NOW ON DONT FUCKINT TALK TO SAJIDA IT’S JACKOB TANNER NOW 🥶🎣💯❗️
think am gonna be loggin off for today! just not in best mood blergh i hope u all have bestest day! :D
WE’RE SO CUTE 👩‍❤️‍💋‍👩👩‍❤️‍💋‍👩👩‍❤️‍💋‍👩
welcome to threads i guess 😇
here r some old pics of me :3 most are from sophomore year except the one with where im wearin the yellow dress n the pink phone case, that was freshman year D: also i got body shamed in that dress and i ugly cried about it LOLZ
can yall see now why im iffy about bringing the bangs back 😐
EDWIN’S SO MEAN TO ME >:((((((
LILY’S FROG MEMES>>>>>>
ok last set maybe idk i think :0 im deleting a lot of these so i want the memories to linger:3 these are from last year and then go into this year i think:000 most of them are edwin being a FROG HATER‼️‼️ even though i literally had this profile pic as the froggie chair :/
LOLZ 7/10 OF THESE ARE EDWIN THATS SO LAME
im so so so so tired of never being taken seriously or ignored when im trying to talk about something that’s important to me or i hold at great value. it’s getting so tiring repeating things over and over until i get noticed or someone even just tells me to shut up or ignores my message and then never brings it up again. i feel like im being treated like i dont matter and that’s aggravating because ive been working to treat myself like i DO matter cuz i do. and i wanna demand that i be treated as such without being called annoying:(
!!!!!! THIS IS WHAT IVE BEEN SAYING FOR AGES PLS STOP TRYNA DEFEND IT PLS IT’S VERY WRONG THE AGE DIFFERENCE MIGHT NOT SEEM BIG TO YOU BUT BOTH INDIVIDUALS ARE AT MUCH DIFFERENT PARTS OF THEIR LIVES AND THEREFORE THINK MUCH MUCH DIFFERENTLY IT MAKES ME SAD WHEN PEOPLE TRY SAYING IT’S NOT AN ISSUE:(
pov: we’re dead and finally ascending to the heavens (illumi’s achwhole)
more conversations from ages ago that i have screenshotted on my phone
SORRY FOR NOT RESPONDING JAYDEN 💔💔💔
me proving a point asf
anyways gn
old conversations i have screenshotted on my phone. i think these were from a year ago lolz, cant remember the context from any of them 🙄
frog with a guitar
what’s new
this is our masterpiece.... ur welcome😹🙏🏽 yasmine’s whispering was supposed to be here but danielle decided to TORTURE HER 🤨
heyyyyyy lol hiiiiiii heyyy ahha heeeyyyy hi
me liz and danielle asf
yasmine’s in there....... somewhere 🤨
hghhghggh i wanna sit in a hole all day and just rot away till coyotes find my body and go nom noms:(
EMBARRASSING‼️‼️ THIS IS THE LAST TIME I INCLUDE THE BEATLES IN MY ESSAY
she’s already got it down
pls we sat in her mom’s car for like 30 mins till her dad brought her car back and then we were in her car for 3 hours watching hxh, listening to music, and laying there with the seats down hiding from her neighbors 😝 we’re boring asf but the fun kind of boring or whatever 🙄
FUCK IT’S 🤢SNOWING🤢
hhhhhhhhhh
this is me gurl 🤣
me asf ‼️🙏🏽
my forehead looks big here
MIKAILANPLEAASEEEEE IABAHVHAVAH HAVE MERCY ITS THE GAY IN ME ACTING UP
me asf
DID I CALL HIM HOT⁉️⁉️⁉️⁉️ NOPE. DELUSIONS ‼️‼️‼️‼️⁉️⁉️⁉️⁉️⁉️‼️‼️‼️ GET THIS MAN SOME THERAPY
this was me checking if caitlin’s profile picture matched the background of my story LOLZ. very close 🙄
MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
GHHGHHRGRGGGRR I HAVE SO MUCH HAIR ITS SO ANNOYING
should i cut my bangs again? idk my foreheads so ugly :/
finally can get some SLEEP ASF 🙄‼️‼️‼️💯💯💯💔
the people ask, i answer. meet my sexy girlfriend roxanne 😍🙏🏽 (drawn by danielle 🙄)
should i show u guys my new bf and gf? they might be a bit too heavenly for a mortal’s eyes though:/
😆
:D
danielle’s drawing me a bf and a gf 😹
continuation....... if i dont answer i was probably kidnapped.....
i was trying to do my makeup in the bathroom and i kept hearing my sister screaming for her life and my brother just sat there LISTENING TO HER?????????, WHAT THE FUCK
i miss my murder gang ;-;
CAW CAW IF YALL ARE OUT THERE PLEASE REACH OUT CAW CAW
lame ASF‼️‼️‼️‼️ wish i didnt stay up for this.... nighty night🙄
i wasnt even tryna spell omg tbe whole time i was tryna spell ok i have no idea how thr fuck it turned into omg
my mom saying pls dont sit right with me......
2day not good. 2morrow be better:33
hi, tell me how ur day went!
it was kinda weird i kept hearing some sort of bug in the gc? did yall hear it too?
ME AND DANIELLE EVERY 5 SECONDS
PLSSS THINKING BOUT AWOOOOOOO
AWOOOOOOOOOO
RED WINE
hgghgrrg today was so hard :(( i feel so unheard and i dont feel like a lot of what i say or do really matters or leaves a mark on people. like they see/hear it and then forget it, like anything i say doesnt really matter to them and i’m just there to be there. and im probably just being really paranoid but i just got back from an hour long shower of me ugly crying about that so im still shakey LOLZ. im gonna play a lil roblox with danielle if it doesnt get too late and then i’m gonna get some rest. hope tomorrow’s a bit better, goodnight<3
TRISTA POST CUZ I MISS HER TO DEATH AND IM SEEING HER SATURDAY!! ALSO THESE ARE IN CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER DO U SEE HER GETTING PRETTIER AND PRETTIER UGH LOVE MS PEACE AND LOVE NO MATTER HOW MUCH SHE REMINDS ME OF GRAWP
i am ringo starr
trista wants to fight so bad
ye want to scap, yeah?
forgot to tell yall we made this
dis me when my body’s processing da food
IM MARRIED
how do yall talk to your siblings? cuz i refuse to believe there are actually people out there who go “sup bro!” “hey lil sis!!” “let’s go to the park big bro<3” “ily sissy” YALL DONT EXIST U JUST DONT
i fell asleep at my computer and was 30 minutes late to french
fuck error all my homies HATE error
me and who? 🙄
still thinking
made an appearance in ruby’s tiktok 😇 YEAH YEAH IM COOL WHATEVER LINE UP FOR AUTOGRAPHS 🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄
can you tell i have no concealer on 😐 IM RUNNING OUT GRRRGRRRR
